Update.  I play this guitar at east an hour everyday and it continues to be outstanding in every way.  Time for some new strings.  I'm running it through a Mustang II on the clearer settings for blues, It sounds terrific.  I did buy a strap for it and It is heavy but I'm getting used to it.<br /><br />I receive this three days ago and have a hard time putting it down.  I have been looking at this guitar for over a year and finally pulled the trigger on it.  The fit and finish are outstanding.  Not a flaw anywhere to be found.  The red contrasted with the dark fret board, pick guard and chrome is stunning.  The setup is good although once, and if, I take a break from playing it I may tweak it just a tad.  The sound from those humbuckers is rich, from jazzy to twangy with deep mellow blues in-between.  I play a lot of blues and this fit the bill.  This is a heavy guitar.  I don't know as I would want to hang it around my neck for long.  I sit when I play so it is not a concern.  I love my Strat but I really like the simplicity of the hard tail.  My Strat is catching up to me in a move but when it finally arrives it'll be hard to decide which to puck up.  I own some expensive guitars and have handled a lot of American made fenders and they are fantastic, no doubt, but at least for my skill level, the Americans are hard to justify with this kind of quality coming out of Mexico.<br /><br />Update,  After living with this guitar for a few comments.  The weight is in-fact a concern.  I now play with friends standing and it is a overly heavy guitar.  Also after comparing it to my strat and friends guitars I realized that he set up was more off than I initially realized. I remedied that but it was a process that I shouldn't have has to endure.  Fit, finish and quality, durability and sound remain five star but weight is an issue and setup could have been better. For a guitar in this price range the weight can be forgiven but poor setup is really unforgivable considering theease it could have been accomplished at the factory.