First, let me start off by admitting I am not a bassist.  I am a guitar player.  I have a P Bass clone to write bass lines for music I record at home.  I play with my fingers, thank you very much.  No picks for me, even though I am a guitarist.  So keep all this in mind as you read below.<br />  I like these strings very much.  The tone is very even and notes are clear.  Even the notes from low E up to G on the 4th string are distinct, which is not common on budget basses in my experience.  The stock strings that were on this bass did not have this clarity.  Also, the overall tone is nice.  You can make it bright sounding, or you can make it mellow by plucking the strings with different parts of your fingers.  Something else I noticed is the volume is pretty even from 4th strings up to 1st string, with the D and G strings being slightly louder depending on how you pluck.  With this in mind, I can even the volume out with my plucking hand attack.  The stock D'Adarrio strings didn't do this.  Another nice feature is the stings feel good to the touch.  Not as rough as the other brand.  It's not as smooth as a flatwound, but still smoother feeling than some other brands of roundwounds.  Also, The tension of the strings feel more consistent from string to string.  On many basses, I've found that the low strings are really tight feeling and the upper stings feel loose.  It is nice to have a set of strings where all strings feel the same aside from size.<br />  I don't know if fulltime bassists would agree with what I've said here.  They know this instrument far better than a guy that has spent 20-some years playing the guitar.  But I would tell them to give these a try if they are using a similar type of string.  I have tried many brands of guitar strings and switched to dunlops on guitar.  What I found great about the guitar strings also exists in these bass strings.  I can't say anything about longevity, but so far I am very pleased with these strings.  These strings make playing bass enjoyable for a guitarist.  Imagine what they could do for someone that knew what they were doing.