This was my first podcasting mic, and so far, it's outlasted two Blue Yeti's that I thought would replace it. Yet here I am still, using the Snowball as my backup. It's got a great sound, small foot print, and looks so stylish. It's not without flaws, though most of them are just real nitpicks.<br /><br />If this thing had a monitor out for headphones built in along with a dedicated mute button, this would be one of the most perfect starting out USB microphones. But I can't take off points for features it never had. The built in stand is a little low. I found myself hunched over more times than I can remember when using the base stand. Adding the Ringer shock mount gives it a much more comfortable height to operate; however, if you need to look at your computer screen while using the mic, the Ringer does tend to block your sight a bit. The threading on both the Ringer and Snowball are you standard threads for most mic stands, so feel free to try out ones that are comfortable for you. Should you get a desktop mic stand with a small boom arm, be wary that this mic has some weight, especially when coupled with a ringer. You'll have to find that delicate balance and positioning so that your mic doesn't fall over while recording. The included USB 1.0 cable works well enough. Just plug and speak into your favorite recording program or Skype, no need for drivers. However, the cable is not long enough for me to have the microphone far away enough to eliminate all the computer hum in my room. I do not have my room currently sound treated at all. I did try using a longer cable, but the signal had some hiccups when I was trying to record, so I kept with the default cable instead. Glad I didn't throw it away!<br /><br />Of the three settings, I mainly used 1 (cardioid) and 3 (omni mode). Since this is a condensor, even in setting 1, you can still get some computer hum, or keyboard strokes. Any noise within the general vicinity of your mic can and will get picked up. While the omni mode is serviceable, it doesn't operate as well as other omni mics. Most of the sound will be picked up by those facing the mic, along with those behind the mic coming in at second. If you or someone else are speaking into the side of the mic, you won't be picked up that well in omni mode.<br /><br />Still, with those problems, I'm still very glad that I picked up this mic first. Had I gotten the Yeti first, well, then I would not currently be able to record podcasts. I kept this as a backup and am very glad I did. It's sturdy, looks great, sounds great, and has lasted me over three years without signs of degradation. There are a lot more choices for USB mics now out there, so do more research before plunking down on a starter mic. A condenser mic might not be for everyone. Maybe you want a dynamic mic instead? But for the price and ease of use, the Snowball is a serious contender for a new podcaster or amateur vocal artist.mni mode is serviceable, it doesn't operate as well as other omni mics. Most of the sound will be picked up by those facing the mic, along with those behind the mic coming in at second. If you or someone else are speaking into the side of the mic, you won't be picked up that well in omni mode.<br /><br />Still, with those problems, I'm still very glad that I picked up this mic first. Had I gotten the Yeti first, well, then I would not currently be able to record podcasts. I kept this as a backup and am very glad I did. It's sturdy, looks great, sounds great, and has lasted me over three years without signs of degradation. There are a lot more choices for USB mics now out there, so do more research before plunking down on a starter mic. A condenser mic might not be for everyone. Maybe you want a dynamic mic instead? But for the price and ease of use, the Snowball is a serious contender for a new podcaster or amateur vocal artist.