September 11, 2013: The dual wireless unit is solid, with a metal chassis, containing balanced XLR outputs and an unbalanced 1/4\\" plug out so that both units can operate together without needed separate inputs on a mixer . It comes with power cord and one 1/4\\" cord, which I use for using both mics simultaneously.  Mics are sturdy and look professional enough, but I was not impressed with the battery compartment cover that holds the batteries in place. It is a flimsy plastic door that could easily break if not careful. Each is color-coded on the bottom, but it doesn't help since there is no color coding on the unit to differentiate the two mics.  Set up was easy and it's rack mounted or has four rubber feet for table top setting. I rack mounted it to replace my single wireless unit. Separate rotary volume controls on each channel are smooth moving, which helps to adjust for individuals voice projections. There is a digital LED VU meter on each channel to confirm mic reception and at the top of the led VU is a red overload indicator.  The mics have no mute button, which is not essential, and I was disappointed that the frequencies could not be adjusted manually in case of interference.<br /><br />Now my BIG Cons: Terrible manual, including inaccuracies, missing words in sentences, misspellings, and an attempt to cover all their wireless microphone models in one manual. Very confusing. An example of an inaccuracy is that this model is suppose to have a built-in frequency adjuster, so that if interference occurs, it is suppose to move to a frequency that clears that up. I'll let you know when I use it next weekend. I would have also preferred that the antennas be mounted on the front of the panel, since the antennas on a DJ rack mounted system hides the antennas and am not sure if the mic will work clearly with the antennas hidden on the back of a closed rig. If not, I'll be returning this unit within 30 days. That is obviously a major issue.<br /><br />All in all, after testing it at home without it being rack mounted, it did have good range 150-300 feet. I'll let you know how it works in a reception room application next weekend.<br /><br />September 21,2013: This microphone work beautifully in a real-life application. No dropouts; no static; no feedback and the output is very good. They are rack mounted and the antennas are very close to my two hard drives, so when the hard drives are turned on with the wireless already on, , a whirling sound emanates from my EV speakers. I then turned the wireless off, then booted up the drives again. No noise. So I will have to boot the hard drives before I turn on the wireless. Other than that, I like a UHF system better than the old VHS system I had. No interference and no drop out. This system is worth the money.