First of all I didn't buy this controller from Amazon but I come here for all my reviews so I might as well share. I am not a DJ but I wanted to start making my own mix tapes so I started off with  virtual DJ software. When Virtual DJ was not enough i started shopping for a controller. I settled on the N4 because it had the most features for my price range. I liked the fact that it was mapped for use with virtual DJ and Serato DJ intro. Out of the box I had this controller working with Virtual DJ in about an hour. Took me another hour to set it up with Serato. I had to do some research on the internet but all and all I can say that the set up was  pretty easy. The sound quality was very good with both programs plus I had everything connected to another mixer to tweak the sound further. The buttons were accurate with both programs and the jog wheels were quite responsive. I was in my living room on my way to making my first mix when...all of a sudden the right side of the controller froze and stayed frozen for about 10 seconds. I didn't panic because i thought it just might be a software glitch. I restarted my mix and after about 15 minutes the right side jog wheel stopped working with the scratch feature, instead it would do the pitch bend only. Over the next few days I noticed that a lot of the  buttons on the right side would not work properly so I called the retailer and requested a return label. To be honest the sound quality and features were good enough that I was considering another N4, I thought it was possible that I just got a bad one and well that happens sometimes BUT...while waiting for the return label I noticed the deal breaker for me. The hot cues work with a shift buttons which makes it very difficult to scratch and jump to a specific part of a song. This might not be a big deal for others but for me it was since i use the hot cues a lot during my mix. Having to use 2 fingers or both hands to jump from point to point on a track didnt  work for me. Anyway I eventually returned the N4 and exchanged it for an NS6 which Ive had for a few weeks now with no problems. The N4 is a nice controller but for beginners only or someone that is doing some basic mixing.nyway I eventually returned the N4 and exchanged it for an NS6 which Ive had for a few weeks now with no problems. The N4 is a nice controller but for beginners only or someone that is doing some basic mixing.