Like the title says, I'm back to buy another pair after my first pair gave up the ghost after 2 years and 2 months of almost daily use. I had a reminder at the top of the page that I had purchased this item in July 2011, so I decided to write a review of my 2+ years experience with these headphones. First, the sound is very good but not great. There doesn't seem to be any high highs or low lows. All frequencies tend to blend together. I suppose it's hard to \\"stage\\" headphones, especially at this price. By the way, the price has increased around $5 in those 2 years. I've used these on many devices such as iPods, laptops, desktops, tablets and cell phones and have been pleased with the sound quality over all platforms, especially those with HD audio sources. The plastic construction is fairly sturdy and the fabric around the cushions never tore, cracked or flaked. I can wear these for hours and they remain comfortable. They also have a very good 2 year replacement warranty.<br /><br />This brings me to the death of my first pair for which I feel partially responsible. I use these at home and at work, but instead of having 2 pair, I often carry them back and forth. When carrying them, I try to make them as compact as possible which included pushing the cups all the way up and winding the very long cord around them. I love the extra-long cord. It was always a positive to me, but I felt like I was going to cut into the cable using the small notches in the included wind-up belt clip, so I never used it. I just wrapped the cord around the cups. Well my routine of making the headphones compact ultimately cost me. About 6 months ago, the left cup started popping out easily but it wasn't broken and would always pop right back in. Sennheiser actually describes the removable cups as a feature, so it never bothered me but the track that the cup slides in was obviously getting worn out. Secondly, wrapping the cable started to break the wire just beneath the small strain relief area. Once that started, they were doomed. The sound in that side started to cut out with much movement and the speaker eventually went mute within a week. This seems to be a common problem with this model and is mentioned in other reviews. It's easily repaired with a little effort and electronics handy work.<br /><br />So, what did I think? Would I do it again? Well here I am about to order my second pair. After doing some basic math, I figured my first pair cost me about 2 1/2 cents per day. The bottom line is, it's hard to find quality construction and sound at this price even if it is a few dollars more than last time.