I bought my Omega in 2006 when they were pretty new to the market. Mine's made in the U<br />SA and has a metal case (unlike other reviewers who complain theirs are made of plastic and manufactured in China)It was my first step into digital recording having used Fostex and Tascam four & eight track cassette decks prior. I settled on the Omega after a lot of research because it's rich in features and you could record four tracks simultaneously which was perfect for transferring all that tape I had to digital.  The Omega was definitely originally designed to work with Win XP which it does marvelously. The installation was flawless and after a learning curve with the Cubase LE I was on my way. Fast forward to upgrading to a Win 7 pc because here's where problems set in. Depending on your system configuration you may find as I did that the latest drivers that Lexicon provides for the Omega (supposed to support Win 7, Win 8 etc.) are useless. I uninstalled them and use a freebie called, ASIO DirectX Full Duplex Driver instead. Some sites recommend ASIO4ALL but it didn't work for me. Also Lexicon determined that my firmware needed upgrading which they did for a very reasonable $59 postpaid plus tossing in the latest Cubase LE 4 and LE 5 for free- but still I couldn't get a signal into Win 7. I even spent 3 hours on the phone with Lexicon tech support and they couldn't figure it out. So here's how I made it work with Win 7...1) Scrap their drivers, download the ASIO DirectX Full Duplex Driver. 2) No matter what your OS the Omega is fussy about how it's connected. You must first power it up, then plug the USB cable into your pc and then connect it to the Omega. This allows the firmware to work with the pc. 3) Next I went into my Devices and Recording areas in Win 7 and disabled everything except the Lexicon and then did the same in the Playback section of Windows. Now your pc has no choice but to recognize the Omega as your sound card and default recording and playback device. 4) Only now do you open Cubase and start setting up your tracks. Cubase needs to know the hardware setup before it opens otherwise you'll get error messages and won't be able to record. It's a good idea to set up a dummy project with all your ins and outs enabled and active- then you can record and rename it at the time you save it.<br /><br />Bottom line, this is a great interface for use with Win XP but be prepared to tweak it to work with newer versions of Windows. Tech support is very nice but they only seem to be wiling to go by the book and not admit that maybe their drivers won't work for Win 7 or that you may need to disable all other sound options to make the Omega work. I've had years of great use out of mine and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone provided they were prepared to work a little to make it right. I would think that many interfaces by all makers may run into these issues with newer versions of Windows since the OS wants to be your default to do just about everything now.