I bought this and tried it for a few weeks and I was amazed at the quality. The neck is its perk, the finish at the back has a wonderful slipping action that I wish the regular Fenders had. I wish this guitar had a finish in the front so that it is more repellent, but whatever they use at the back of the neck is something I would use even on a custom made guitar. That and the nut width, for people with not very big hands; the neck on this thing will haunt you forever. For instance. once I had it I thought putting in some YJM Fury pick ups, and I thought hey, those things are just as pricy as the guitar in itself! I thought, if I was gonna pump that money in a guitar, why not do it on a Fender Fender? I went to the shop and got myself through an impulse buy the American Standard version. I had both of these guitars in my room, testing them meticulously and comparing to see if it was worth the extra cash. Obviously the real Fender are always better, and I am very cheap, so I was just looking for an excuse to keep the Squier and return the Fender, but the Squier was not far behind in tone,and frankly, I felt it more comfortable to play! The neck suited me more than the Fender, since these have a slightly chunkier feel that I dislike, that, and  the finish on the neck that was not as fast as the Squier. I had a dilemma! I wound up keeping the Fender, just because I knew I felt I needed to have one and because its pick ups are much warmer (fat 50's), and because the pros outweighed the cons, but the Squier with good noiseless pick ups and locking tuners will aaaaaalmost match a real Fender, but see, for that money, the incentive is getting a real Fender instead. So the company has a great system here of incentive.  This Squier, I think, is the king of all Squiers, and I would have several of its specs on a Custom Fender to my liking that does not yet exist. Get one if you do not want a Fender or do not mind the humming pick ups. Tuning stability is good, but not superb.I hate almost all Fender pickups that hum, so when I got my strat, I got the locking tuners and the YJM pickups, leaving the middle one as it came with it. Do this with this Squier, but then again you are back in the same boat.  For a collector, get it, it is very good, but you will be fooling yourself if you think it can match a Fender Fender with the specs I mentioned, because the wood itself does not vibrate or resonate like real the Fender, but for the undiscerning player there should be no prob.