i just received my case and was so excited to put my band new mixer in it, had just upgraded from the rane ttm 56. i had my computer on a stand over the old mixer but couldnt use the same stand for this new mixer and didnt have a place to put my computer since i was so used to dj'ing the the laptop right in front of me. so until the case came in i would put the laptop on top of one turntable and practiced using serato with only one turntable. i felt this was a good time to get the feel of using just one turntable because i had seen dj's using just one and just in case if any technical problems with a turntable, i would not panic and know how to use just one. so while i waited for my case to show up, i would use one turntable for a few days, then the other to rest the laptop (with the cover on the turntable of course} it finally came in and i was excited being i would be able to use both again and have my laptop right in front as i was used to it, looking over to one side constantly hurt my neck. it was a snug fit and looked great in it, i also have the turntables in cases so it was a great total look. as i went to install all the wiring i discovered after removing front panel the the knobs to control the faders in the front were low into the box and that the headphone jack was also too low. i couldnt plug in my headphones, NOT ENOUGH CLEARANCE. the mixer came with a few pieces, like blocks with velcro on one side, so i thought maybe i could put them under the mixer to hold it up higher and plug in my headphones and have access to the knobs but they werent tall enough. i'm going to have to figure out something to put underneath with some sort of padding not to scratch the bottom of the mixer. loved everything else but disappointed that whoever designed this didnt notice this important detail. no big deal to put something underneath but i also realized when its time to do i gig, im going have to remove that piece and then put back under at the gig, and the mixer length (front to back) is a snug fit but the knobs make it difficult because of computer ledge make it tricky to put in and take out.  why didnt they realize this design flaw or did they and just said F#@*% it, tough S#$T for the dj. if you're like me, that doesnt mind paying what i have to get what i want, and not cheap then get something that is less than the value, its a cool, if i would have known this i would not have gotten this product but ii got it and dont want to wait to return and find another way to do all this.