I ride a dualsport motorcycle usually from June until snow and ice is on the road, which here in Montana is usually October, and previously had to drive my truck on days I have violin lesson. I tried using the backpack straps on my cases but none of them are actually strong enough (poor quality or not designed for hard use) because they usually have weak attach points.<br /><br />  I was looking for another method, like a case cover with straps or a new case with well attached straps and happened across the Joey. I was intrigued and thought it would serve my needs and allow me to keep my case. I ordered it and got it in within a few days. Initial impression was that it is well designed and plenty of storage space for music and accessories. Material appears to be quality and it's well made, except I thought the straps weren't quite as robust as I had hoped. Actual use has proved that concern to be unfounded so far. Using the carrier on my motorcycle at 70mph for an hour trip to work, 20min to lesson after work and an hour back home for the last 2 months have so far proven the carrier to be durable and reliable. There's a lot of wind force trying to push the violin case off my back at 70mph as I have it adjusted to stick quite a bit above my head because of my seat, with the straps actually taking the force of that. Time will tell if it continues to hold up this well.<br /><br />  As far as the other features, the case storage is padded well and should protect accessories well. The larger pouch is more than large enough to hold almost 3\\" thick of music, including my oversized music. The smaller pouch is perfect for my oversized and awkwardly shaped shoulder rest. The straps that secure the violin case are very adjustable and have nice large quick release buckles. Although designed primarily for a full size oblong case, it appears to be adjustable enough to handle possibly 3/4 cases and even shaped cases.<br /><br />  So far the Joel case carrier has proven to be an excellent option for carrying a violin case backpack style in a much safer way, with the bonus of carrying a lot of music and accessories. If the straps had been just a little more heavy duty and attached more securely I would have given it 5 stars, but to be fair, they appear to be more than strong enough for my use so far.