This is actually a pretty decent but dark sounding microphone. I read a lot of reviews indicating that this mic was a steal and I think I have to agree. For me if it didnt work out it was only a hundred or so and I could eat that cost. Now a few things i DONT like about this mic, starting with the mount. I had to send my first one back because out of bod the little nut that holds it didnt stay and the mic couldnt be mounted. This to me is a poor design and I wonder if my next one will fail and what I will do next. Ill have to see if it will fit in any of my other shock mounts as a plan b. Second thing is that the nut once you get it tight enough to stay can actually be hard to loosen again and that kind of also hurt my fingers trying to get the little wing nut to loosen. I dunno maybe its me but its just not ideal.<br /><br />So the sound? Well I just got a matched pair of fat head 2 microphones and so I spent some time messing around with different variations and placement etc to see how they stack up including my least favorite mic everyone loves the SM57. I was ready to throw the apex under the bus because it sounded terrible compared to the SM57 and I was shocked. Then I realized like a homer i mislabeled the tracks in PT and was thinking it was the wrong mic. What a difference because I thought how the hell is a SM57 that much better sounding than a ribbon? Ok my bad. What i noticed about the tone compared to the Cascades is that its definitely much darker and kinda moody for a lack of a better word. I can see some really good applications for that. However I read some folks removing the cover from the ribbon and I think I will try that and compare it. Im over all pretty happy with this but it needs some work.<br /><br />So is it better than the Cascade Fat Head II? No. Is it close? No not really its different but the Cascades are much brighter and cleaner. But that said it has a place and I am going to experiment with it to create a layered guitar sound. I had a Royer R-121 before. Is it even comparable? Again NO! Its a 100 dollar mic you just cant compare to manufacturing and design of a 1k plus mic. But that said its a great mic for the price. But I would tell you to spend 150-175 and get the Fat Heads. Better sound, better mounts (big time) and it comes with a case. For the price point those are a much better deal over all if you look at everything included. I just have some foam and a cardboard box for this guy.e. Is it even comparable? Again NO! Its a 100 dollar mic you just cant compare to manufacturing and design of a 1k plus mic. But that said its a great mic for the price. But I would tell you to spend 150-175 and get the Fat Heads. Better sound, better mounts (big time) and it comes with a case. For the price point those are a much better deal over all if you look at everything included. I just have some foam and a cardboard box for this guy.