I purchased this for my wife back in December of 2014.  I spent a multitude of hours trying to get it set up through AVID.  It is now August.  It was the most ridiculous experience to try and get some sort of tech support.  I spent hours just going through a loop of the website asking me what type of tech support i will need all the while boasting of it's &#34;world class technical support.&#34;  Each time I would think I found something the next hyperlink was a link to the beginning of the loop.  I had to find some random email to a sales person from the company and have them refer me to the support.  I was still in college back in January as I was trying to get this product onto our computer for my wife.  I kept trying the advice given me from emails by the tech support and would make a little progress then would end up in another wall.  I finally had to put it on the back-burner so I could focus on my school work.  Then when I went to try and get it going again the tech support had closed my ticket.  I tried replying to previous emails but I just got auto replies stating that my ticket was closed.  So, I went back through the loops of technical support and found an email of someone with product registration.  (I didn't have an issue with this but it was the only contact I could acquire after hours of searching the website).  I had several emails with threats that the ticket would be closed if I did not respond on several occasions.  One day, I received a phone call from their tech support.  I didn't know it was coming though.  And after the guy went through everything he informed me that my operating system was not compatible with their product and that I would have to either downgrade my operating system to an older operating system or buy their new product.  However, if I wanted to buy their new product the iLok that came with my package would no longer be usable.  therefore, two out of the 3 products that come with this package were obsolete.  So, I am at thispoint the most frustrated I have ever been in any purchase I've ever made.  I have a $250.00 paper weight!  YAY!!