As the title implies-- please do not buy this product. If you are looking for a good, easily usable midi wind controller, look elsewhere. The first fault I will find with the product is the capacitance controlled buttons-- the lack of button movement will almost immediately feel uncomfortable to players of real instruments. The feel is all wrong. Second, the latency of the unit/software combination is unsettling, and does not seem to be solvable with software settings. Third, the software itself, a product of Garritan, has not been updated since 2009, and does not like to play well with Windows 7. The lack of a standard MIDI out means that it can't be used with stand-alone midi gear. And finally, I have issue with the various fingering patterns. While Saxophone, Oboe, and Flute fingerings are to be expected, as is an EWI specific fingering. The first problem with the fingerings is the EVI fingering, supposedly designed for brass players. Unfortunately, no brass player in the world would recognize this as anything approaching a brass fingering. Without launching into an explanation of standard brass fingerings, these fingerings involve six fingers, not three, and bear no resemblance to say, the fingerings of tubas, trumpets, French horns, euphoniums, or any other valved brass instrument. Finally, a fingering which to me would seem to be a no-brainer, that of a simple recorder, is simply absent. Further, the placement of the two base plate, on the underside of the instrument, are located 1) on the octave rollers, and 2) between the pitch bend buttons. This was a poor choice on the part of Akai, and they know it, according to their customer service technicians. I would only recommend this instrument if you wanted to give it to someone you didn't like, as an exercise in frustration and disappointment. Oh, and by the way, it generally tends to be about a $200 - $300 exercise in frustration and disappointment. CAVEAT EMPTOR  Oh, just for the sake of it, if you're interested in a good, if funky looking wind controller, I might recommend the old CASIO Digital Horn-- be aware, it has a known issue of squealing, but that is relatively easily solved, and I think you'll find it much less irritating than the Akai EWI.ed in a good, if funky looking wind controller, I might recommend the old CASIO Digital Horn-- be aware, it has a known issue of squealing, but that is relatively easily solved, and I think you'll find it much less irritating than the Akai EWI.