I have always ordered from Amazon I love their prices and the quick time in which they ship.<br />Over the years I have brought camera's, covers, bibles, and bible covers and household products and have been quite pleased. I am a Minister and I do a lot of out reach ministry. I have a battery powered ION Explorer Blue tooth PA System and was looking for a wireless mic system so I wouldn't have to hold a mic in my hand when I preach. I saw this product on Amazon, and as always I read the reviews. Alot of the reviews were good but equal the amount of the reviews spoke of this item as a piece of junk. But I  gave  Amazon the benefit of the the doubt and ordered this on August 30th,2013 and received it today Sept.11,2013. First of all the instructions do not read right the 3rd instruction says open battery cover of the receiver and insert 2 batteries size AAA. I want you to know the receiver only takes 1 battery and it is a double A battery( it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out how the receiver and transmitter is powered up. I tested it several times, the distortion the buzzing sound and when speaking into the mic you cannot understand any word that is being said. And what's so scarey is this I have picked out a set of  Pyle- Pro PWMA 1050-800 WATT VHS Wireless Battery - powered PA System which are selling for $203 and some change $408  for the pair I am looking to triple the power on my old system. And just like the wireless mic there are a lot of bad reviews about this PA System as well as a lot of good reports. I  live in Bermuda and when I ship from New Jersey ( my American Address) to Bermuda shipping costs me more then the items. Example the mic cost $12.36  Amazons total cost $19.26. To ship it to Bermuda cost me $28.16. I'm stuck with a brand new product that will cost me another $28.16 to ship back so after saying all this I am having 2nd 3rd and 4th thoughts now if I should invest into these speakers which is going to cost me $400 shipping and whenthey arrive and if the bad reviews are really true. I would be out of pocket big. I am Really I mean really  disapointed with this mic. I suggest to you Amazon to keep your good reputation make sure that the factories where these products are made are sending you products that work your name is on the line.  kimmie