I expected a lot more based on the positive reviews, but was so disappointed with this product that I had to return it.  The audio interaction feature should be the best feature on the product, but it's pretty much unusable.  It can only use the small low-quality built-in mic on the back of the laser; there's no audio input jack.  Worse, there's no sensitivity/gain dial for the microphone, and they don't seem to be doing any audio compression internally to alleviate that need.  Even spending minutes and minutes trying to get the laser unit adjusted to a location and angle where the mic on the back is getting signal that's neither too loud nor too quiet, while trying to avoid pointing the laser at your eyes (using the poorly designed, auto-collapsing stand) generally only gets good results for a single song (if you're lucky), and then the average sound level or sound type will change enough that the interactivity stops working properly again.  When the audio level is too low, the laser sits there doing nothing (no laser output), or just occasionally spasms for a split second.  When the level is too high / maxed out, the laser just cycles over and over through its boring standard static red + green pattern.  Speaking of which, the static red, green, and red + green patterns look fairly cool the first time you see them, but they all quickly become irritating.  I had hoped the green stars were going to be moving pinpoints rather than a geometric field of identical large, fast-rotating green starbursts.  The ability to change the pattern's speed would be infinitely preferable to just being able to toggle the direction of rotation.  Speaking of the remote, I occasionally had the buttons trigger adjacent functions to the one I was trying to activate.  And finally, the motors and mechanics in this thing are pretty noisy -- definitely only reasonable for a loud DJ situation, not for a quiet room where you might want a laser light show.<br /><br />By contrast, I was completely happy with the Can You Imagine Pocket Laser Light Show I bought at the same time for less than a quarter of the price, not that it's a directly competing product (manual interactivity, not audio interactivity; batteries only).y happy with the Can You Imagine Pocket Laser Light Show I bought at the same time for less than a quarter of the price, not that it's a directly competing product (manual interactivity, not audio interactivity; batteries only).