I use Beyer DT-770 headphones which are pretty good, lots of high-end detail and strong bottom end.  They are not flat, however, and while it's possible to get into the neighborhood with these when mixing, it's very challenging to really nail \\"that last 15 to 20%\\".  They are a bit \\"mid-recessed\\" for my ears- kind of the opposite effect I get compared to my other phones (AT m50's), which are relatively very mid-forward.  I use an M-Audio interface and listen through that rather than just plugging into my computer, so get a fairly good quality signal to my phones.  All that being said, headphones inherently make mixing decisions tough by their very nature.  The VRM is supposed to help with all that by making headphones sound more like using monitor speakers, using various psycho-acoustic mechanisms.<br /><br />First- on the OK side is the quality of the headphone amplification itself.  Not stunning, but definitely better than the computer's headphone output, and comparable to my interface, while lots smaller and conveniently USB-powered.  So that by itself would be worth paying something for if you need it.  That's the only reason this overall product got 1 star from me.<br /><br />But for me, that's where the positives absolutely end.  I can't believe some of the reviews I see here applauding the speaker emulation software with this box, and I have to think that at least some of those have to be from untrustworthy sources.  Without even considering how much each of the speaker choices resembles it's real-world counterpart, engaging the software just makes things sound really bad no matter what models or environment I select.  Most of the studio monitor choices sound like somebody put a quilt over them, there is so much smear, loss of clarity, and top end... and I'm not talking about the loss of binaural separation, because I expect that- it's kind of the point.  And in addition to the loss of clarity, it sounds like there are exaggerated frequency peaks and valleys in the various speaker models that would be counterproductive to build into a studio monitor.  Even the non-studio monitor choices like TV, computer speakers, \\"hi-fi\\" etc. are so over the top crappy sounding that I can't imagine how anyone would be able to make use of them even as \\"grot-box\\" comparisons.  There is just nothing decent-sounding or useful in the software at all as far as I'm concerned. I honestly can't figure out how the software part of this product got to market.<br /><br />I even have a pair of the entry-level KRK studio monitors that Focusrite says the software emulates, and I'm here to tell you that there is no comparison to be had. The real speakers, as limited as they are, sound so much better than the software that I would not even recognize the attempt to mimic them if they weren't labeled as such.  I can't use my monitors much in my environment due to volume issues, so I REALLY wanted to like the VRM software and am very disappointed that it's not even close to what I hoped it would be.  Forget realistic, speaker-like, etc...  It just plain shrouds and/or mangles the sound so much that I can't even judge any emulation aspects of it.  In terms of clarity, my actual monitors are at least in the same neighborhood as my headphones, so I know what I should expect in a reasonable emulation product.  My KRK's have a different frequency response than my phones do, and they don't have as much separation, etc., but they sound clean, clear, and distinct. Nothing like that available in the VRM software.  I respect Focusrite as an audio company, and think it's great that they attempted to solve the headphone-mixing problem... but it simply didn't work, not even a near-miss.  I recommend you figure out another way to do your mixes.