Ok, as I write this, I've only received these yesterday but had a chance to listen to them for about 2 hours last night. I am no audiophile expert, but did want to give my two cents. Prior to receiving these, I've owned (and still own) a pair of AKG 701's and a pair of Ultrasone HFI 700's. Each of these are very nice headphones with strengths and weaknesses in their own right.<br />I also own a Headroom Micro Amp which I've used to power my previous headphones, and the amp worked excellent with these Fostex phones.<br />Anyway, I'm pretty much going to mirror what a lot of others have said. I really believe you want these if you intend of modding them. What I heard in these headphones last night was nothing earth shattering...yet...however, I picked up on what I feel are the fantastic potential these probably will have when modded correctly.<br />Which brings me to my next point, I'm waiting for a modding kit I ordered from Mayflower for about 20.00 You don't need this kit, you can buy many of the supplies right here on Amazon, but I think you might spend as much or more than the kit with leftover materials.<br />Ok, now to the unmodded sound. What I found very impressive was when I cranked these up with the amp, I did not hear any detection of increased distortion. The headphones sound pretty great as they are stock, and the bass even sounded decent. I guess I could have given these phones 4 stars (for stock sound), but I'm giving these 5 as I'm really convinced once I tinker with some mods, the sound will improve dramatically. I would rate these stock, as good if not better than my Ultrasone HFI 700's. They don't have the soundstage of my AKG 701's, but I've read where you can even improve these with certain mods. As others have said, these have that unique planar magnetic driver (with tons of potential)  housed in a less than excellent acoustical environment. All this can be changed with some inexpensive modifications as many ideas and instructions are found on the internet. Once I mod these I'll come back and update my thoughts. Conclusion: as stock phones, these have a great sound for the money, and my gut feeling is modded correctly, they will be on a par with headphones costing a lot more money.<br />***UPDATE ON AUGUST 19, 2015***<br />Okay, I've had these headphones now about a week, and I've had a few days to do some modifications on these, using the kit I ordered from Mayflower Electronics. As other reviewers have said too, you can do a Google search for &#34;Fostex T50RP Headphone Modifications&#34; and you will find a lot of forums with tons of pictures and articles showing the headphones taken apart and modded.<br />Anyway, its not that hard at all, you just take off 4 screws from each side of the headphone. This is a very general description, but I added clay to the baffles, and the soundproofing material and cotton as outlined and shown in many of the photos available on the modification pages. The whole idea here is to stop the vibration inside the cups coming from the music, especially at higher volumes. Its also worth ordering the Shure HPAEC840 Replacement Ear Cushions, which cost about 12 bucks. The stock earpads were too thin and actually started to hurt my right ear.<br />My reaction after modifications: WOW!!!!! I am so glad I purchased these and decided to mod these on my own. The sound is incredible. Like I suspected, all vibrations are gone, and all I hear is crystal clear, detailed music. The highs are very crisp, and the bass is just wonderful. It has just the right amount of boom, without being exaggerated or over-bearing. Keep in mind, I am using these headphones with a fairly decent amp, a Headroom Micro-Amp with pretty good power for most headphones. Speaking of amps, and what others have said and I'll agree with, to really hear the full potential of these headphones, you need some kind of a good amp. Headroom used to make some really good amps but have discontinued their line. Tip: check out an open source amp called the O2 Amp sold by JDS labs or Mayflower. Its even available here on Amazon, I think.  I haven't tried it, but its around 100 bucks or so and many say its a steal at this price.<br />The bottom line is I can say with complete confidence is these 139.00 dollar headphones (I've seen Amazon bring them down to 129.00) are as good if not better than some of the higher end phones I've owned such as AKG 701's or Ultrasones. However, I say this AFTER THEY HAVE BEEN MODDED, not before. I will wrap up by saying if you have just kind of stumbled upon these phones and wonder what all the hype is about and what all this modding is about, do a Youtube search for  &#34;Fostex T50RP Headphone modification demonstration&#34;. Now, look for a video about 16 minutes in length, and it will give you a good idea about how you mod these. It really is a fairly simple procedure.<br />And just a reminder. What makes these headphones unique is the fact that they have planar magnetic drivers, which is very unusual at this price point, most or (all) planar magnetic phones cost several hundred dollars more then these Fostex.<br />Conclusion: Before modifications, they do sound good.  After modifications, I'd give these more than 5 stars if I could, they really do sound as good or better than many phones costing much, much more than these. Thank you and good night...