I spent alot of time trying out many overdrive pedals,i wanted something that wouldnt over color my sound or sound fuzzy or muddy. Also I wanted more control over tone, and this is the only overdrive pedal with a 3 band active eq,most have one tone knob only.If you have a good sound this pedal will make you sound better! Im using a Jackson dinky guitar with a seymour duncan jb humbucker and early 90s peavey ultra 60 tube head and i just wanted a little extra gain and midrange punch.this pedal works perfectly for driving the front end of an already overdriven tube amp! it works great as a clean boost but in my situation i use it with my amp on the high gain channel and works great,thickens up my sound and gives me more midrange punch without being harsh and without removing the low end chunk like the tube screamer does. Its almost like i took a blanket off my 4-12 cab because it brings your tone more out front.Overall much better then your standard tube screamer type pedals out there! Been playing for over 35 years and spending alot of time refining my sound lately with re-tubing my amp,new pickup in my guitar,new speakers,and now using the 805 overdrive makes it complete.If youre looking for added crunch or a clean boost this pedal does it all. Also like that it uses any power supply rated from 9v-18v,i have a few old 12v power supplies from old cell phones and they work great so didnt need to buy power supply,big plus! Im very particular about my sound and this pedal doesnt degrade my sound like other overdrive pedals out there.Seems to add a little presence or punch to your sound without being overbearing and you can easily dial back the 3 band eq and get a pretty transparent sound,close to your original sound when pedal is in bypass mode..i recommend the 805 overdrive to anyone who wants a better more versital overdrive! this pedal was designed around the original tube screamer only this is a much better newer 2014 design and clearly better then any of the tube screamer models! I play rock/hard rock and love this pedal,but from what ive seen on youtube,works great  for all styles of music! nice natural sounding overdrive! Great deal on amazon,free shipping,no taxes,and they threw in a couple high quality guitar cables,best deal anywhere!!!