Many people who are considering the Morley BH-2 may also be looking at the Dunlop 535Q. Since I have both pedals, I thought it would be helpful to share my experiences with each.<br /><br />Design: Being a Crybaby, The 535Q has that ubiquitous classic wah pedal look and feel to it. It is more compact and pedal board friendly than the BH-2, which is considerably wider. If you are used to the feel of the treadle on a Crybaby style wah, the Morley’s spring operated treadle, with its steeper angle and longer throw, may take some getting used to. However, once you adjust to it, you may find the 535Q’s treadle action to be fairly limited, clunky and awkward. Personally, I prefer the smoother feel and longer throw of the Morley. The 535Q’s gain, center frequency and Q controls are side-mounted while the BH-2’s knobs are on top. I find the Morley’s controls easier to access than the Dunlop’s controls. The BH-2, of course, has no on/off switch or sweep pot. Battery access is easy with both pedals. The Dunlop’s battery door is a better design, however, since it is hinged and holds the battery firmly in place. The Morley’s battery cover is not attached to the bottom plate and is very easy to lose. The Morley features red status LED’s for when the wah is in use as well as when the Contour mode is engaged.  No LED’s on the Dunlop. Either pedal can be powered by a standard Boss style 9V PSU.<br /><br />Build Quality/Durability: Both pedals are built to stand up to the abuse of regular gigs and touring. The BH-2’s switchless operation and lack of a sweep pot are obvious advantages when it comes to reliability since Morley have removed from the equation the two parts most likely to wear out or fail on a wah pedal. Because the controls are side-mounted on the 535Q, they me be more vulnerable to damage than the top-mounted controls on the BH-2.<br /><br />Features: Both are very versatile wah pedals. The 535Q controls give you a bit more authority over the Q range and frequency response compared to the single Contour knob on the BH-2. However, the BH-2 allows you to easily switch back and forth between the standard Vai Bad Horsie mode and the Contour mode. I like having the regular BH wah tone and then switching to the Contour mode for a different tone. It’s like having instant access to two different wah pedals. If you like using your wah as a tone control and leave it parked in a certain spot (ala Zappa, Mick Ronson, Jerry Cantrell, etc.) then you are out of luck when it comes to the Morley because the treadle automatically returns to the heel down position and the effect is bypassed once you lift your foot off the pedal. On the other hand, this design makes it easy to insert quick wah wah accents into your playing, such as during the last few notes of a solo. The latest 535Q pedals are true bypass and employ a red Fasel inductor. The BH-2 has a high quality buffered bypass and uses Morley’s own inductor. I don’t hear any “tone suck” with either pedal in my signal chain.<br /><br />Tone: This is a subjective area since everyone has their own concept of what good tone is. Unsurprisingly, the 535Q excels at classic vintage Crybaby/Vox tones. With the Q control at or near the max setting, it is extremely easy to conjure up the throaty, expressive, vowel-like quack heard on classic Cream, Zappa and Hendrix (just to name a few) recordings. I think the Fasel inductor must play a significant role in this because I don’t ever remember the Dunlop wah’s from the 80’s and 90’s sounding nearly as smooth, rich and vintage sounding. In fact, I remember them to be downright brittle and nasty sounding! When it comes to pulling off really convincing vintage wah tones, the Morley misses the mark somewhat, in my opinion. It sounds a little bland and dull in comparison, especially with clean tones. In Contour mode, you can approximate more of a classic wah tone by turning the contour knob clockwise so that more of the upper mids and highs are emphasized. Just don’t expect it to sound like a Clyde McCoy. The BH-2's more laid back, neutral sound actually is, I think, what makes it such a standout for higher gain tones since its &#34;personality&#34; is less likely to take over your distorted tones. Crybaby's can be too in-your-face and overbearing with distortion and fuzz. The BH-2 blends extremely well with dirt. On the other hand, by dialing back the Q knob and shifting the frequency center a click of two in the clockwise position, the 535Q is able to adapt nicely to high gain settings, too.<br /><br />Conclusion: I really don't think one pedal is necessarily better than the other. Each wah is very well made (in the USA!), versatile and great sounding. If I was forced to only choose one, it would be a tough call, indeed. That said, I'd probably go with the Crybaby 535Q since I'm a total sucker for those funky, colorful classic wah tones that it seems to so effortlessly achieve with the right settings. On the other hand, the Morley Bad Horsie 2 really has its own thing going on in terms of looks, tone and operation. I actually like the feel of the BH-2 better, too. If you can swing it, GET BOTH!