[Updates at 3 months and 18 months are at the bottom of this review, but you should probably read from top to bottom.]  I'm having a great time with this box!  It has really added a new dimension to my solo act.  I can see why others might opt for the Harmony Singer version, with its simpler operation, but the Harmony-G XT is much more versatile and I find that I am using many of its diverse capabilities.  I like the fact that I can dial in a sound and save it to one of the 20 presets.  Then I just dial up the preset and adjust the FX level and the Harmony level while I'm getting ready for the next song.  I agree with some of the other reviewers that singers with low voices will not want to employ harmony voices below theirs.  One said it sounds &#34;evil&#34; and that is as good a description as any other.  Not usable for me, but the higher voices are enough anyway.  There are some things that could be improved.  It would be nice if the box ran on 9 volts like most other pedals. Then I could daisy chain it with my tuner pedal.  [The Boss VE-2 has this feature, but I have not tried that pedal].  Speaking of which, the onboard tuner works okay, but the LEDs are pretty small.  I prefer my Snark SN-10S pedal tuner for its visibility and, unlike one other reviewer, I don't have a noticeable discrepancy between the onboard tuner and my Snark inline tuner.    My feet are large and the Harmony G-XT is small, so I find I sometimes connect with more than the foot switch when I am trying to select the harmony during a song.  This changes the effects, harmony or whatever randomly (not good) and there is no way to recover.  [after 18 months, I figured out how to solve this problem: just make A and B presets the same and then if you hit the left foot switch by accident, you won't lose your preferred sound.]  I would prefer that the box was bigger and had adequate clearance between the foot switches and the rest of the stuff (think Boss pedals, for example).  There's a lot goingon with the top of this box and I have to choose my footwear carefully to use it.  How about a separate plug-in foot switch for the harmony on/off functionality?  I'm also not fond of having the box shift into tuner mode if I press the harmony button too long.  All of the sudden in the middle of a song the guitar is muted, all the effects are lost, and the harmonies aren't tracking well (bad moment on stage).  Some other way to activate the tuner mode would have been better for me, especially when I don't even use the tuner.  That said, all these defects are minor and I have no intention of giving up the tone and harmony effects because of them.  [I still don't have a solution for this problem, but I haven't accidentally selected the G-XT tuner in a year, so I guess that's okay.].  It is also possible to nudge the FX or harmony knobs with your toe, when trying to use the harmony foot switch, but I have gotten better at avoiding this, which is a good thing since if that happens during a song you are pretty much screwed and either won't have enough harmony or too much (and have to avoid it).  Again, we really need an external foot switch to allow reliable harmony switching without getting occasional unexpected or catastrophic effects.  Tips:  I find things get to sounding terrible in a hurry as the microphone gain increases towards the 12 o'clock position (I'm using a Shure SM 58).  If the harmony sounds unpleasant try backing off the mike gain.  I have a mark at about the 10 o'clock position on the &#34;input&#34; knob and never exceed this setting.  If I'm not perfectly happy with the harmony sound and everything seems to be connected properly, I keep turning down the input until things start sounding better.  In addition I find that a little harmony volume goes a long way and end up using less than the recommended 12 o'clock position of the harmony gain (and FX gain) most of the time.  Somewhere between 9 and 11 works well for me.  It's easier to believe that the harmony is comprised of real voices when the harmony is subtle rather than being blatant.  Blatant works okay on loud covers where the  original group belted out the harmony (think early Beatles tunes), but never more than the 12 o'clock position.  Other reviewers have noted that the harmony participation can sometimes be controlled very well by the volume and pitch of the lead voice.  If I back off of my voice volume during a low pitched passage, I can reliably make the harmony drop out without touching the foot switch.  A useful feature for me.  [Update after using for 3 months:  I really like the unit; I hardly play without it, even to practice.  I stopped going to jams and open mics, because it would feel like I'm leaving my most important instrument behind.  She is a demanding mistress and I have to be attentive to her many idiosyncrasies in order to get perfect sound and harmony, but I can usually get acceptable sound after a few minutes of playing with the most important settings.  The G-XT is even having a profound effect on the songs I select and how I perform them.  Tons of songs that just weren't interesting enough when sung by a soloist are now beautiful and interesting (think Eagles, Beach Boys, Everly Brothers, etc.).  The layered harmonies are that good!  A cautionary note:  the harmonies you are capable of generating with the G-XT are highly dependent on your singing and guitar skills.  If your singing or playing style is choppy, you won't get good results; the G-XT  simply won't be able to figure out how to harmonize or will do so poorly.  It usually works fine for me, but if I start to get unexpected results and unpleasing harmonies, I find that I can often resolve the problem by simplifying my finger picking or chording or by smoothing out my vocal delivery to make it more lyric.  If all else fails, I can often get excellent results just by slowing down my delivery or turning off the harmony for a line or two or turning down the harmony participation knob.]  [Update after using for 18 months.  The first point to make is I certainly don't agree with the reviewer who said that the G-XT isn't suitable for live performance because it is unreliable.  I've used it for over 100 shows and the only problems I have encountered (other than hitting the wrong foot switch (which I covered above) involved other user errors (such as those discussed below).  If you do your part the G-XT will be there for you every time.  I used to find that I needed a more  sound check time in order to be sure I had the box set up correctly for the room.  This wasn't always convenient, since in some venues you are expected to go live as soon as everything is plugged in or least without extended sound checking.  What I am primarily interested in is whether the harmonies are &#34;tracking&#34; and how much the room acoustics are affecting the optimum level of vocal FX participation and Harmony participation.  If in doubt, just start with each of them in a lower than normal position and increase the participation level if needed.  It helps to start with a &#34;throw away&#34; song -- one that tests the FX and harmony on something not too demanding and which isn't your favorite song.  Oh and one more thing that can easily happen is that you leave your (upstream) pedal tuner in &#34;tune&#34; mode after you're done tuning.  The G-XT will still try to add harmonies, but they may not be very good since it will not have the benefit of the guitar input because your tuner will mute the guitar signal during tuning.  You can also get this problem if your 1/4 inch input cable from the guitar (or tuner) is not fully inserted in the G-XT or if the input and output 1/4 inch cables are reversed.  You won't have this problem if you're playing an electric, since you will immediately notice that there is no guitar sound.  It's not as obvious if you are playing an acoustic/electric, so get used to turning that tuner off when you are done with it.  I've actually gotten well into a song before I realized that the harmony box wasn't happy.   The solution is to avoid the harmony until you can hit the inline tuner foot switch and restore the guitar input signal to the box.  Finally, I find that the overall sound is much better and more reliable when I use the guitar &#34;thru&#34; mode.  In other words, I don't let the unit mix my acoustic guitar signal and voice.  I send the guitar signal through the box and on to it's own channel on the amplifier, where I add its own equalization and effects.]