I've been through a lot of guitars while searching for the perfect one. Indeed, I'm a ruthless consumer. They make return policies tighter because of people like me. Well, my crime was wanting a guitar I genuinely respected and loved in what I consider to be the mid-price range. Some people would say $5000 is the mid-price range and guitars that cost that much are &#34;okay, but could be better&#34;. Ugh, you people make me roll my eyes. I've tried Fenders (ie, joke acoustics), Seagulls, Epiphones, etc. The only one in that list that even competes with the Big Baby is the Seagull, but mine just happened to be buzzy so I returned it (I didn't want to pay $40 for some guy at the sketchy local guitar joint to fiddle with it. Last time I did, they left a nice scratch on my then-guitar). But the Big Baby: oh boy, does it shine above all the rest.<br /><br />With that hotter than hell ebony fretboard and solid spruce top, this thing wins on the &#34;looks&#34; check list without question. As for the tone, if it isn't better than the Seagull (which I think it is), then it is certainly unique and different. If I'm to believe the countless guitar stores with whole walls devoted to Taylors, the brand is very top-tier and elite. All parts are manufactured in the USA and then assembled in Mexico (for this model, anyway). Thank goodness it's not another Chinese piece of work. The Big B here has got some very unique features. Much like many electric guitars, the truss rod is on the top and covered by a small plate screwed over it. I actually quite like that look. The neck is also secured in an unconventional way- with two big black screws on the fretboard. While this admittedly makes me feel like it's a toy, I'm actually kind of liking it now. It gives the guitar a completely different feel with the base of the neck being skinnier. I'd say, however, that those screws are the only flaw on the instrument. What helps me to get over it, though, is that name on the headstock: they know how to make guitars, so no worries.<br /><br />So this is basically owning a Taylor without having to pay the Taylor top prices. Might I say, though, that I'm probably too much of a novice to tell the difference. They could just be trying to justify their purchases, but a lot of reviewers giving this the thumbs up claim to have had plenty of expensive guitars, yet still think this one is just as good. I shrug my shoulders to that sentiment. I think this is a tremendous guitar, especially with it being so lightweight and free of fingerprint-mongering high gloss. As a bonus, it comes with a deluxe gig-bag tailor made (hehe, get it?) for this guitar. I'll let you in on a little secret as I could tell from the receipt, however- the case isn't free, it's just incorporated into the price. The guitar itself is listed as $365 and the bag is $55. This is also apparent by the two UPCs on the box, one for the bag and one for the guitar. The guitar store I bought it from also gave me a promo code for a free tshirt and the employee even gave me a promo guitar strap he had in his pocket. Not bad! I do not regret this purchase in the least and look forward to jamming on it everyday if I can manage! It is a VERY comfortable instrument worthy of excessive, into-the-ground playing. I recommend buying a new one at an actual retail store where they are more likely to be &#34;fresh new&#34;- my serial number is from April 2015. Buying online might give you old stock. Be wary of ones that are at a big discount- that's usually the reason! I love by baby and we'll take good care of each other. Just get it.w how to make guitars, so no worries.<br /><br />So this is basically owning a Taylor without having to pay the Taylor top prices. Might I say, though, that I'm probably too much of a novice to tell the difference. They could just be trying to justify their purchases, but a lot of reviewers giving this the thumbs up claim to have had plenty of expensive guitars, yet still think this one is just as good. I shrug my shoulders to that sentiment. I think this is a tremendous guitar, especially with it being so lightweight and free of fingerprint-mongering high gloss. As a bonus, it comes with a deluxe gig-bag tailor made (hehe, get it?) for this guitar. I'll let you in on a little secret as I could tell from the receipt, however- the case isn't free, it's just incorporated into the price. The guitar itself is listed as $365 and the bag is $55. This is also apparent by the two UPCs on the box, one for the bag and one for the guitar. The guitar store I bought it from also gave me a promo code for a free tshirt and the employee even gave me a promo guitar strap he had in his pocket. Not bad! I do not regret this purchase in the least and look forward to jamming on it everyday if I can manage! It is a VERY comfortable instrument worthy of excessive, into-the-ground playing. I recommend buying a new one at an actual retail store where they are more likely to be &#34;fresh new&#34;- my serial number is from April 2015. Buying online might give you old stock. Be wary of ones that are at a big discount- that's usually the reason! I love by baby and we'll take good care of each other. Just get it.