OK. So others have commented about the fidelity, low noise floor, and utility of this microphone. I have to agree. There are detractors whose opinions I have read (in reply to other positive customer reviews) have been voiced quite ardently. However, I have to agree with those singing the praises of this microphone.  It's easy to compare it to a Neumann U-87, or rather, it's so tempting to do so simply because the U-87 is one of the well-deserved standard-bearers for multi-pattern large-condensor mics. As someone who owns some Neumann gear, I have to agree that sonically speaking I can find precious little to grouse about in this mic. As others have pointed out, its rather low noise floor is quite good - no, not U-87 good, but withing a few dB. As an electrical engineer, recording engineer, and signal processing jockey I could go on a and on about this mic, but here's the deal: This mic is an astounding value, but again, even setting value aside, it is a great performer.  First I bought just one of these to see if they were indeed decent...then I bought another...and then two more. Why? Because for less than $600 I have four multi-pattern mics that allow you to execute all manner of patterns. On that note - the user is well-advised to review the frequency response plots as a function of which pattern is chosen. Speaking personally, I don't like microphones to have a timbre of their own, and I have found that correcting the frequency response in post production to be my starting point (I like &#34;flat&#34; (frequency response) mics and I cannot lie...). I do this for most mics that I own and not just the B-2 Pro.  Anyway, is this the same thing as a U-87? Of course not. Is it very close to the sound of a U-87? In my opinion, yes. Again...for those who are ready to pounce upon this review, this is merely my opinion.  If the published frequency response plots are to be trusted, then if one were to look at such data for the B-2 Pro and for the U-87, one can figure outwhat kind of EQ to apply to make the B-2 'behave' like a U-87 in terms of its frequency response for a given polar pattern.  The unknowns? Behringer's quality control. For many years, Behringer took some well-deserved knocks (based on word of mouth) due to poor quality control. Cautiously I say that this seems to be a thing of the past (fingers crossed) as the four B-2 Pro that have been in use have not failed me. I can't say for certain whether or not Behringer were much worse in the past as I purchased these only recently, but I also own two of the Behringer BCF-2000 control surfaces and absolutely love them (again...incredible value).  Again, I love Neumann mics - I have purchased some Neumann  mics, but I have to say that you would be crazy (if you are looking for a great mic at an insanely-low price) to pass this microphone up. The thing is...if you buy one (or more) and you don't like it...return it. How can you possibly go wrong? I mean, would I LOVE a closet-full of U-87's ? Of course I would, but I also have to eat and have other financial obligations that prevent me from doing so. Again...the caveat here is that it is indeed possible that Behringer's QC is hit or miss (so far, they are &#34;batting 1000&#34; (sorry for the baseball reference for those not familiar with the game) with the gear that I have purchased), but even so, having a back-up with you is still an inexpensive option.  Lastly, there IS one caveat, and it is real: some clients will doubt your credentials when you start setting up a session when using this microphone. Be prepared for that. That's probably the single-biggest hurdle to clear, and regrettably, I still get grief now and again because of peoples' biases and prejudices against these (low cost) mics. Mind you, if this were a carbon mic and someone were to compare it to a well-established LDC, that would be crazy, but the fact is, this mic is more like high-end LDCs than many people care to think - or admit.