I have a new tube amp that's designed for high-gain modern rock, whereas I'm more of a 70's classic rocker/electronic musician.  It's just such a cool amp (Carvin V3M) I decided to see what I could do with it instead of returning it.  I use a lot of devices with a extensive pedalboard in front of the amp and a multi-effects unit in the amp's effects loop - all MIDI'ed together.  My first choice for a distortion pedal was a ProCo RAT2.  They've got a Marshall vibe and have been around forever.  I didn't think I could go wrong with it but it sounded terrible through the clean channel of the amp.  I realized that both a good modern rock amp (like a Boogie Dual Rectifier) AND a good distortion box have a peak at around 3K, where the upper-mids meet the lower-treble.  This is a satisfyingly nasty, raunchy peak that sounds like a metallic &#34;kaCHANG!&#34;.  My sound was bad because both the amp and the box had the kaCHANG!, so the peak at that frequency was *summed*.  Too much of a good thing.  I blamed the Rat and bought a MXR Super Badass.  Then, I pulled my hair out because it sounded just as awful as the Rat in exactly the same way!  Only then did I think of taking the RAT2/SBA Pepsi Challenge through my old Peavey transistor amp that's warm and doesn't color the sound much.  Both boxes sounded exquisite but the Rat had a tighter, more &#34;controlled&#34; sound (I actually wanted it to sound like a pedal).  The Super Badass sounded more like an amplifier and the center frequencies of the tone controls were just right.  If you want to get your main distortion sound from a stomp box, the Dunlop MXR Super Badass is just what you need.  It doesn't have the kaChang! but you can EQ it in with the smaller of the MXR Graphic Equalizers.  Me?  I completely re-tubed my Carvin to lower the gain and darken the tone.  It worked.  Then, I traded the MXR for an EHX Nano Big Muff to give me a smooth, pure square wave to be processed in the FX loop of my EHX Q-Tron+ envelope filter, and sent the RAT2 to JHS Pedals for their &#34;Pack Rat&#34; mod ($50).  I can now get any type of gain from it I want, from a natural clean boost with a hint of breakup, to a 60's fuzztone, to a classic 70's &#34;brown sound&#34;, to an ultra-saturated metal solo.  The point of all this is that, before you trade in your pedal, make sure your amp isn't the culprit first.