Oh boy where do I get started...  First off let me start by saying that I am in no way unhappy with the purchase of these sub snakes.  They have done an excellent job ie get the signal back to the mixer so that it can go out to the speakers... But...  When I ordered these apparently SA had created the shipping label but never shipped them.  Ok minor screw up not a big deal other then I was supposed to get two day shipping.  I contacted Seismic Audio and they told me that they would get it taken care of.  A few days later I got not two boxes but four.  They sent me two extras.  That was fine I called SA and told them about it and said I needed to ship the extras back.  They told me ok and that they would get me a shipping label for FedEx to return them.  The only problem with that being that I am in a small community and while FedEx delivers here we dont have a pickup location.  The gentleman told me he would arrange a pickup.  That was the last I heard from them for about two weeks.  In the meanwhile I went and installed the two that I had purchased in our church.  A few days later I get a call from another church member asking if I had ordered anything else because there was a package at the door of the building.  Keep in mind that I have always had equipment that I order delivered to my home because unless its a Sunday or Wednesday there is rarely anyone there.  I told her no, that everything I had ordered had been delivered and I wasn't expecting anything else.  Well when I got to the church sure enough there were two more Seismic Audio boxes sitting in the pastor's office.  Now I have six 50-foot subsnakes, I only ordered two.  At that point I contacted Amazon who called SA and I got the items back to them.  But I get the feeling that someone in the shipping department at SA got a very stern talking to.  At $100.00 a pop these aren't exactly cheap.<br /><br />Now on to the merchandise itself.  Since I have installed them I have had not one complaint.  Often times I forget they are there,  They are just part of the system.  I have had no issues with extra hum from any of our microphones and they have come in very handy when I have needed a few more channels on stage.  All in all these have been a very good purchase and not counting the mess ups I have been quite happy with them