I started using Reason at its inception and was just amazed it was all possible!  I am a musician, synth, piano, Rhodes, bass, drum, iPad, player and have been patching racks and consoles intertwining effects processors, side chaining compressors, and modulating vocoders with insect noises for 25 30 years now and I must say :<br />REASON IS THE CATS MEOW.  It's borderline sorcery - still how it runs flawlessly on a Mac and even most PEECEE's<br />now too, though I would run it on a nice 3 gig iMac my older 2.8 MBP runs and rocks it just fine. Now I'm not running 32 channels of stereo 24 bit audio simultaneously with individual compression and reverb with 6 aux groups and tons of EQ. but I could if I was such a man and had money for the hardware. I bought RSN at version 1 and it's just like a rack of gear so it works great if you can finagle 2 monitors (or use your iPad for a secondary display - its true!) that way the gear rack is on one screen and the tracks are in a separate window on the other - handy and good. Pressing the tab button flips the rack around and you patch your racks (samplers, synths, drum machines, loop(rex) players, tons of effects) ANY WAY YOU DESIRE - including using CV  and note on wires to sync all this to a master clock. And it's EASY !  even easier if you have a modicum of how audio gear is set up AT ALL. only gripe I have is - I just bought 6.5 in Feb '13 and 7 would have been free (instead of $130) if I waited with the 6.5 until march but OH WELL. it's all worth it and I am a reason fan forever. It does not let you run VST/AU plugins or virtual synths but ?? I got other stuff for that. REASON 7 sports a &#34;high end console &#34; instead of the older mixers (but they are still there) 7 allows you to control external MIDI instruments from Reason sequencer, 7 integrates Propellerheads' Recycle (to a large degree) which essentially allows for beat and transient detection of audio you have recorded or imported and it gives the old RECYCLE treatment (without much of the complexity) and you can make REX loops for export, share, or reloading in your own projects via Dr. Octorex (new dr Rex player). I kind of miss the original dr Rex just because of its simplicity and the new octorex, although allows for loading 8 Rex files at once in different slots, I rarely do this. (I'm not that swift). I honestly don't know if reason can be a better piece of software for someone wanting to make music on a Mac. Yes, Vst and AU plugs would be nice but I feel that REASON has such great reliability because of its all in one ness and the variables introduced by all sorts of levels of user experimenting with all sorts of possibly not perfect code which could try grabbing  heaps of memory at the drop of a hat (talking about the GILLIONS of plug ins out there) they have been wise I think to regulate this with the RE store similar to the AppStore in ways. I'm a spokesman of neither and bought all my gear so this is from a lover of making music - specifically DRUM AND BASS, BREAKS, and ELECTRO. so buy reason now.eatment (without much of the complexity) and you can make REX loops for export, share, or reloading in your own projects via Dr. Octorex (new dr Rex player). I kind of miss the original dr Rex just because of its simplicity and the new octorex, although allows for loading 8 Rex files at once in different slots, I rarely do this. (I'm not that swift). I honestly don't know if reason can be a better piece of software for someone wanting to make music on a Mac. Yes, Vst and AU plugs would be nice but I feel that REASON has such great reliability because of its all in one ness and the variables introduced by all sorts of levels of user experimenting with all sorts of possibly not perfect code which could try grabbing  heaps of memory at the drop of a hat (talking about the GILLIONS of plug ins out there) they have been wise I think to regulate this with the RE store similar to the AppStore in ways. I'm a spokesman of neither and bought all my gear so this is from a lover of making music - specifically DRUM AND BASS, BREAKS, and ELECTRO. so buy reason now.