Have had these about a month now and still play them all the time. Seems like alot of these all wood bongos are good practice bongos or merely bongos with a twist, but these are more than that. While they are very convenient as practice bongos (don't have to tune or detune them like my regular bongos) they make far more different sounds than my bongos and that makes them different. Can't count the number of different sounds it can make; you can hit the top, front, back and sides of it with your palms, fingertips, knuckles or bottom of your fists for many different sound variations. The tones range from a booming bass to various higher woody tones. The two sides (which sound different from each other) and the rim of the larger chamber sound especially cool. Despite all of that, you can make them sound alot like regular bongos too, so not a bad drum for beginners although it takes some time to find all of the numerous sweet spots. Looks great, different, nice wood. Meinl also sells this same exact unit without snares for about $10 less; I ended up taking the snares out of the larger chamber because it sounded too much like a tool box but I left them in the smaller chamber. My brother just got the LP bongo cajon. It's smaller and doesn't make nearly as many sounds as this one, but it's easier to make bongo-like sounds on the LP (because that's most of what it does). Would give this 10 stars if possible,one of my most often played drum, only complaint is it can be hard to keep properly positioned, no big deal.sound can be made by hitting on the sound board above the partition that divides the chambers, and you can also hit the front, back and (especially) the sides for different sounds (the two sides sound different from each other), and you can either hit these areas with your hands or (little secret here) you can knock on them with your knuckles, also you can slap it, you can pound it and whenever you hit an area that that makes snare noises you can muffle the snares with your other hand. So this is about 20 different sounds, maybe not all of them hugely distinctive from one another (some are), but different nonetheless. They range from boomy over the large chamber to various woody tones elsewhere, the sides being especially cool sounding. The sound projects well, moderate finger rolling on the top is easily heard. Still unsure about the snares; ended up taking them out of the large chamber, they made it sound like a poorly constructed box (rattly), still like them in the small chamber. Played it with plastic spoons, sounded great, might have to get soft tip mallets. Had no trouble adapting my bongo moves to this drum. You can do things on this that would hard to do on a bongo, like rapidly beating it from left to right and back without stopping for the space between the drums, or heel-toeing with a thumb on top and a finger on the side very hard and fast. Needless to say I would recommend this drum, lots of fun, very different, cool sounds, looks good, not expensive. Maybe not for someone just starting out, and it is hard on your hands, but a great instrument.