I purchased the BeatThang first and it was really easy to use, but limited interface.  I have owned the Akai Pro MPC Ren for a little under a month and it is an excellent machine.  I have used it to create great tunes and it's a great addition to my digital studio.  The construction is very sturdy, I love the feel of the pads.  The edit functions are simple and the looping for pattern/sequence creation is excellent.  There is a step mode as well, but only needed when trying to change a note.  The song mode function is easy to use and can be done in multiple ways (by step selection of the sequence or tapping in the sequence during playback).  The inputs are ample and instrument recognition is great, however I can't understand why they didn't include USB 3 inputs???.  I am not crazy about the fact that it has to be used with the MPC software as opposed to directly with other software (i.e. Logic or Protools) it has to be used a a plug-in for those and other programs.  There is a possibility I just haven't figured out how to do it yet and can be wrong.  This is my first product from the Akai MPC line.  But I am impressed.  After being away from writing music for about 10 years, this is certainly a helpful and easy to use MPC/drum machine.<br /><br />Because I am a product of first/second generation digital music software (Recording Session, Studio, Cakewalk Version1.2 - 4, and Cubase v.1-3.*) I find many of the grab and edit function with notation very easy and don't relay so much on the software short cuts.  But the software compliments the device well and you can't operate the device without it.  Lastly, there are many great tutorial out there to help you get started with the MPC Ren.  I recommend watching podcast on youtube by Wolf D at [...] and Young Guru through Akai's MPC University here's a like to one [...] try these if you are not sure this is for you.<br /><br />I would certainly recommend to to anyone looking to upgrade. Steep price, but well worth it.  Judging from the video(s) that I've seen, if the price is too big for you, you may want to consider looking at the Akai MPC Studio.  It appears to have all the same functions and library, it's more portable, and half the price.  It's worth looking at before buying the MPC Renaissance!