I am updating this review after getting some very quick guidance from The Music Group.  After attempting to connect several times to USB which failed I was advised to hold down the Digital Select button  while plugging in the device.  The manual actually states this on page 14, #25 (sorta).  It's kind of buried at the bottom of the page and I just overlooked it (so operator headspace).  Both USB and FIRE WIRE are now working and I couldn't be happier.  Very good sound I have had my GNX4 Workstation acting as a drum machine as well as my Eleven Rack and Zoom G9.2tt connected and the recording quality is very good.  I did not experience any delay.  I used it with Pro-Tools 10 as well as Cubase 5 using both USB and Firewire and have no complaints.  Also recorded some video's using Quicktime, iMovie and Adobe Premiere Elements and the audio playback is excellent.  I did have a strange occurance with Adobe premeire, when I record video in which I have multi-tracks of audio e.g., guitar in input 1 and drum machine on input 2 playback in Adobe works fine, but the same scenario importing from quicktime I had to decouple the video and audio signal or else I would only get one audio track.  I don't have this problem when recording multiple inputs via my Avid Mbox or Focusrite 2i2. Overall though having the 6 inputs is a plus compared to my Focurite 2i2 given the $50 price difference.  Multiple headphone jacks is a plus too.  I am not too impressed with the online support.  While the Music Group was quick to respond to my email, their website has very little to offer.  There is a FAQ link that has no information, and they have a link to the Behringer website which appears to have broken links.  A quick connect guide that spells out that plugging in the device while holding down the digital select key to change from USB to FIREWIRE have been nice rather than burying it on the 14th page of a manual that is in pica font as well as numerous languages would have been nice.  But I still rate it 5 stars....