The first thing you notice is the shape. Unlike most ukuleles this model resembles a classical guitar down to the 12 fret neck and the perfectly proportioned bridge. The shape, or patron, reminds of my classicals. Really beautiful and distinctive. I bought this model 35TS purely based on the reputation of Luthier Pepe Romero, who designed the four series 30 Ukuleles for Cordoba. The sound is stunning - loud, very loud, and still sweet and mellow somehow. The larger than average fretboard makes this a better choice for those coming to Ukulele from guitar, preserving a roominess that makes difficult shapes easier to define for the left hand.<br /><br />The acacia back and sides are much more subtly beautiful than suggested by the photos on the Amazon website. Mine has a pleasing marbling effect similar to flaming maple or of slightly flamed koa, and the sitka spruce top is just perfect. The grover tuners are tight and accurate, the intonation quite good, subject to the the occasional distortions caused by holding down the strings too hard or bending the strings slightly on difficult chords. Comparing the 35TS to a Cordoba 25TK (I've had two) results in a totally one sided exercise in futility. If you are considering an instrument in the $500 range, as opposed to one in the $300 range, do yourself a favor and spring for one of these. Every single note is more powerful, more clear and more pleasant to the ear and it's easier to play.<br /><br />Since I have only played this one model, and indeed only one of those, I cannot speak to the quality of the other 3 models, but they all spring from the same Pepe Romero design. This one is as good as any of the thousand dollar models I have played on. Unless you are geared up to by a Kamaka or one of the other great Ks from Hawaii, this instrument offers great quality at a lower price. When you are tired of the more inexpensive ukes this is a major step towards the highest quality instrument. Worth more than the cost. Excellentfor the normal use but even better for John King type classical playing.<br /><br />I've tried it with both reentrant G and low G and it excels in both versions. I tried the La Bella Uke-Pro series strings, and my default favorite Aquila strings. The La Bella's are slightly louder but the Aquilas sing better to my ear. With the low G the 35TS is even more powerful with a well defined bass. A truly exceptional instrument.