First of all, let me say upfront that I'm reviewing this amp after owning it for less than a week. However, it's already graced several stages and been pushed hard through at least 9 sets of rock and roll, endured the abuse of loading and unloading from vans by drunk bandmates, etc. But let's start at the beginning. I've been limping along on a series of used amps (some tube, some solid state) for the past couple of years. My band plays alot (mostly grungy, garage-y alt-country stuff) and I've had several amps give out and I'm sick of it. After a gig last week that melted my favorite vintage solid state Fender, I came home and started researching. My budget was small, so basically my choices were pretty limited; I wanted something less that 500 bucks, all tube, with decent headroom and some good creamy gain when needed. It had to be loud enough for bar-gigs and be beefy enough to withstand some inevitable abuse (though I am careful with my gear, I promise.)<br /><br />This amp is all that and more. I couldn't find a bad review anywhere online, and I ended up getting a blemished model from Guitar Center (um... $299 out the door, including shipping just because of a tolex scratch? yes please!) Within 1 hour of delivery this amp was in the trunk and on it's first short tour. I was playing with 2 of the four bands on the tour, so the first night the amp was being pushed pretty hard for at least a couple hours. I play a Tele with Vintage Noiseless 'single coils' (more like stacked Humbys) and use both an MXR Micro-Amp and a Tube Screamer to drive my lead tones. I also use a MXR DynaComp compressor for a more squashed, country picking sound. Clean, pedals, whatever- this amp sounds GREAT. It's warm, responds very well to the tube screamer, and has a really great range of tones that can be dialed in quickly. From crisp cleans that break up ever so slightly, to creamy high-gain, and even vaguely Vox-y jangle, it's really versatile. By the second night, all four bands were playing through it, and I'd had a bunch of compliments from other guitar players and even a couple sound guys at the venues. Up on stage it held it's own with a vintage bassman, Princeton reverb, and an old 70's fender Champ. The nice part about other bands using her was not only the gratification of seeing some really talented (and very experienced) musicians be excited about the great tone, but being able to actually experience the tone from the crowd, which is a great way to get perspective on new gear. I was NOT disappointed- Telecasters, Strats, Hollowbody Jazz guitars, ect... everything sounded amazing.<br /><br />Here's what I think you should know before you buy this amp in terms of the very small \\"cons' category:<br />-The reverb is fine... but not insane. If you're going for dick dale, you're probably going to need a pedal. But for adding a bit of wet and shimmer to the tone, it's just fine, and it sounds authentic and analog because, well, it is. Doesn't bother me, as I don't really use a ton of reverb and it gets the job done.<br />-This is not an amp that likes being played quietly; to get a nice 'clean' tone, you really have to crank the volume if you're going to keep the preamp gain low. It really is made for small gigs, where the volume is past 6 (where there is a marked improvement in tone from \\"that's rad\\" to \\"holy cow\\") and once the gain gets pulled up this baby likes to scream. So if you're looking for LOADS of headroom, this might not be perfect. But if you're into warm, bluesy overdrive, put the volume at 7 and the gain at 5 and you'll be in heaven. The louder you play this amp, the better it sounds.<br />-That being said, there is a volume limit since the amp is only 20W.  Now, 20 watts of tube is a lot 'more' than 20W of solid state, but still, if you're planning on playing anything bigger than a bar/small club, I might buy the extension cab, which is also ridiculously reasonably priced. Or, if the venue can mic the amp and run it through thehouse, you're golden.  Again, not a big deal for me, but if you're playing stadiums or something, it's worth noting (also, there is a 50W, dual channel model available that's gotta be CRAZY loud... and it's pretty cheap...)<br />-finally, the tubes are chinese made, generic. I care a lot about tone, and I like the way this amp sounds stock just fine, especially since I use pedals quite a bit. But I will likely change the tubes out for something a bit more high-quality and keep the stock tubes as backups, as I've read that it does make this already awesome amp pretty top-notch.<br /><br />Overall, I couldn't be happier with this amp (is that obvious yet?) Don't get lured with the low-end Peavey, Bugera, Crate, etc. This is the real deal.