To start, I will say, &#34;Shazzaaammm!&#34; I love this board! The price is right, the tone is amazing, and ease of use is elementary for those who want to spend their time playing and not fiddling with 14,000 presets and options.<br />I have owned almost every Multi-Effects processor available, and tonal wise this is the best Ive used. Please note, I run directly to the main board in our church sanctuary, so this is my opinion of the tone direct to the house. Having said that, I also have used it as a stompbox with my amps in private, and it has blown away every boutique pedal I have owned. I heard a man say, &#34;Fender, stick to guitars, not boards!&#34; People do not realize that when dealing with a multi effects board, you must do your homework and find the tone that works for you. It will take some time. I have over 2 grand in boutique pedals and I always come back to this pedalboard. Both direct to house and when in front of an amp its awesome! I play a very Joe Bonamassa style tone, and the Brit 80's tweaked is on spot everytime. People actually get mad when I show them how I get my tone. I lead worship with my wife, and play rythym/lead and sing. I'm currently working on my 3rd album and im going to use this board as my guitar amp direct so folks can see what this thing can do in a recording setting as well. Fender, is one of the top companies for ethics, respect, and tone...and lets be honest, for 165$ if you hate it, you only spent an amount to take the family out for dinner and movies! lol. If you dont like yours, send it to me....pleeeaassse! Have a great day!<br /><br />If you are needing some of the tones I use, they are on Fenders Fuse portion of their website which is amazing as well!<br /><br />Update: After a year or more of use, I dud what most guitarists do and tried another setup. I went back to my tube amp and pedals and enjoyed them thoroughly. Well, we recently went to in ear monitors, so I was finding a large tube am behind me was worthless. So, I parked it backstage, and mic'd it. The sound was usable, yet lacking. The search began! I bought a Pod HD 500X...harsh! I bought a Boss GT-100...digital and compressed. I bought a Tech 21 Fly Rig RK5...better, yet almost too analog if that makes sense, and was not versatile in the tones I needed for many different styles. What to do? Ahh, I remember! My old faitfhful FMF board! I popped it out, and the tones came on running direct like before! Sounded great!<br /><br />Now here is the cool part! I took a Presonus Tube Pre V2 since it has a real 12AX7 tube in it and ran it before my Musfloor to give it some real tube warmth and saturation. After the Musfloor I ran a Hughes & Kettner Redbox 5 I had laying around, and BOOOOM! The tone of a tube amp ripping in the mains direct! Our soundguy was smiling and came up almost flustered, saying, &#34;Dude, that sounds unreal good!&#34; Saturation, sustain that literally just keeps going, compression that fits, but doesnt squash, and the highs ring out and the low is tight and fat! Ive tried for years to find the perfect rig to tun direct and actually make the mains sound like the front of a cranked tube amp! Voila! Done!age, and mic'd it. The sound was usable, yet lacking. The search began! I bought a Pod HD 500X...harsh! I bought a Boss GT-100...digital and compressed. I bought a Tech 21 Fly Rig RK5...better, yet almost too analog if that makes sense, and was not versatile in the tones I needed for many different styles. What to do? Ahh, I remember! My old faitfhful FMF board! I popped it out, and the tones came on running direct like before! Sounded great!  Now here is the cool part! I took a Presonus Tube Pre V2 since it has a real 12AX7 tube in it and ran it before my Musfloor to give it some real tube warmth and saturation. After the Musfloor I ran a Hughes & Kettner Redbox 5 I had laying around, and BOOOOM! The tone of a tube amp ripping in the mains direct! Our soundguy was smiling and came up almost flustered, saying, &#34;Dude, that sounds unreal good!&#34; Saturation, sustain that literally just keeps going, compression that fits, but doesnt squash, and the highs ring out and the low is tight and fat! Ive tried for years to find the perfect rig to tun direct and actually make the mains sound like the front of a cranked tube amp! Voila! Done!