I would like to say that I have been playing synthesizer for around 25 years and recently am nuts about the awesome run IOS has been having with amazing sounding pro quality synths and keyboards.  I also confess to loving my Korg Kontrol 49 A LOT. BUT for these iPad synths, I tried MANY - Korg 25 key USB white bugga..., Akai LPK (broke 2 USB ports), Akai mpk mini - still using but afraid of that USB port. The Korg Kontrol is just all aroiund playable and great but the mini 25, I cannot get A lot of groove out of it and its CLACKY to play especially FAST.<br /><br />THE QENEXUS ! Now this thing just is the best mini controller in the land FOR ME. I plugged into iPad mini cam connect kit with supplied USB MINI (not micro and nice angle cord supplied!) launched  DXI FM synth. Worked immediately and SOOOO responsive - lightning quick latency!  Quit DXI launched IMS20 and man this controller RIPS. WTF I been holding off for?!  Launched Cassini and played 2 hours just stopped to rave about QUNEO - I love this controller. Yes it's mini but WAY MORE PLAYABLE than the microkontrol and the Akai mini USB controllers. For full size I still like my Korg Kontrol 49 but really  I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH GOOD ABOUT QUNEXUS. IT IS badass. I haven't even figured it out yet except the key hold and the pitch control nub that you rock left and right. Great!  I'm gonna get deep into this and figure out the key rocking sending to cutoff or yeah...  GET THIS NOW. IT'S BUILT WAY STURDIER and rubber coated.  Loving it.<br /><br />9/19/13 additional review of Qunexus - still haven't got a bad thing to say about this. Granted, I have not plugged it into my compute which shall be a MacBook Pro (older 2.6) running Reason 7 primarily and an iMac 3.6 also reason 7 but anticipate no problems. I am adding to my original review to FURTHER express my love for this controller and would like to make a statement regarding the latency. Any of you keyboard players out there remember the Hohner Clavinet D6?  Remember how you could turn up the amps and REALLY lightly play the D6 with short staccato almost paradiddel RLRRLRLL rythm? Well the Qunexus is this responsive. AND I LOVE IT. I hope it really is as durable as all those tests on their site show - moreso I just hope long life. Back to the Clavi thing - you know how the rythmic subtleties can be brought out with a light touch and good chord inversion? The Qunexus really does a great job on ALL velocity ranges it seems. This thing is so expressive just on SUNRIZER that I am just loving it so I'm just writing to say THANKS KEITH AND COMpany. Great job. This is probably my favorite controller (just like Ill Gates said!)ber how you could turn up the amps and REALLY lightly play the D6 with short staccato almost paradiddel RLRRLRLL rythm? Well the Qunexus is this responsive. AND I LOVE IT. I hope it really is as durable as all those tests on their site show - moreso I just hope long life. Back to the Clavi thing - you know how the rythmic subtleties can be brought out with a light touch and good chord inversion? The Qunexus really does a great job on ALL velocity ranges it seems. This thing is so expressive just on SUNRIZER that I am just loving it so I'm just writing to say THANKS KEITH AND COMpany. Great job. This is probably my favorite controller (just like Ill Gates said!)