This is an amazing amplifier. I am truly happy with the sound and many of the preset effects. I started my search for amps it was taking forever. I had skipped over many, including this, because I had an inexpensive one I bought a few years ago that was not so versatile. Well, after I calmed down and began looking at my budget and what I could get, I began reading the reviews and descriptions. When this amp arrived and I plugged it in, I found a British 60's sound and played a couple of songs I knew and oh man, I was so happy. I didn't need to &#34;settle&#34; for limited abilities or wait for my budget to include a mirage of peddles and such. This little sweetheart had already many settings I could experiment with and play with a variety of effects. A plus was also an accurate tuner which in my opinion outperformed the separate module I had been using to electronically tune my guitar ~ just so much faster (didn't have to look for it, for one). I did my homework, but I was still surprised at the volume output of this baby ~ I don't think I have taken it over &#34;4&#34; in the house and that is really loud! And the sound is so sweet with my semi-acoustical electric (Hagstrom). Many years ago I had a Gibson tube amp and it did sound great, but this has all that, even though no tubes and the replacement maintenance that will be required in that direction, and more. Sure, there is something in the tub amps that is special, but for this kind of product at this price I believe you will forget all about the tubes and headaches that come with them. I have not even visited the website yet, but I do know that there are even more effects to be had there and you can create you own setting and save them. This is so versatile and sounds so true, you will love using at home or small venues for just the simple-ness of it all. In my opinion it is worth more in many ways ~ I am just so glad I could get this kind of sound for so little of a budget. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that plays at home and small venues or parties. Even a professional may find uses, but I am sure a hobbyist that wants to play NOW without all the learning and research it will take to get all the equipment that this amp provides will be extremely happy. Well, I am anyway.o anyone that plays at home and small venues or parties. Even a professional may find uses, but I am sure a hobbyist that wants to play NOW without all the learning and research it will take to get all the equipment that this amp provides will be extremely happy. Well, I am anyway.