So, since buying my first decent acoustic guitar--my beloved OMCPA4--I have been on a quest for the perfect sound, by changing strings. In the (possibly) correct belief that I (certainly) hubristically assumed people here could give a rat's ***, I am posting my results if for no other reason than to add my .02 about strings and show to others what I, a total noob, have been groping towards.<br />I ordered a bunch of stuff including some DR Sunbeams, some GHS Lawrence Jubers, some Martin SP strings on sale, a bunch of Jim Dunlop gel picks (great) and some EXP-11 80/20's. I am starting group lessons this week at the legendary McCabe's in Santa Monica, and so I thought that even though the EXP-12's were barely a month old, and I liked them a lot, I'd give the Sunbeams a shot in anticipation of beginning classes.<br />The box was festooned with warnings about cutting before bringing up to pitch, and I had heard the horror stories about using the Taylor cut-first method (which I have now mastered, another threshold crossed). I knew that cutting the strings first would lead to the wound strings unraveling, and then the Rapture. So I you-tubed the Dave Doll Martin method, and with my Iphone balanced near my guitar on the futon couch (a surprisingly stable, effective and cushioned workbench) I installed the Sunbeams without incident.<br />I can't say it's totally pretty, but the strings are stable. I read that one should not stretch the strings, and so they took about 15 minutes of playing to settle down, but...<br />Day-um, these sound a m a z i n g. The treble strings have an authority and blend so well with the E/A/D strings when I strum. And, they are really really flexible. The tales are true. For the first time, I could do the Johnny Cash chicka rhythm from \\"Folsom Prison Blues\\", and for the first time, I felt this incredible resonance build up in my Martin as I got into it and it got louder. This was the first time I was able, in my noobness, to play a fast paced rhythm on the Martin for more than 3 seconds. It was transcendent, if not necessarily musically brilliant. But I felt like a line had been crossed.<br />These strings really have an integrated feel and presence yet unmatched by: Elixir Polywebs (feh), Elixir Nanowebs, Martin Lifespan PBs and 80/20s, D'Addario EXP-12s (nice) and John Pearce 600Ls (nice for about a week). I realize that every day is a winding road yadda yadda but for now the Sunbeams are the once and future king on <my> OMCPA4. I'll get used to the installation, of course, although I really had nailed that Taylor method and had lovely symmetrical windings, which I will miss. But that chiming sound is worth learning something I should be good at anyway, right? It's a shame that GC doesn't stock the Sunbeams, more to Strings and Beyond's good fortune. Any thoughts as to how long the Sunbeams are good for? I don't gig (as if) and practice daily.