I did not purchase this rest on Amazon. A friend of mine owns an online violin shop, and traded me two of these for some help with shipping items.  I was mostly interested in this rest for my son. He has played fiddle for about three years now, and hates to use a shoulder rest, even though his teacher wants him to. I have purchased many rests for him, the Kun collapsable, The Everest, The Wolfe Forte, as well as a JR Play on Air, and others I can't even think of the names of anymore.  He hated all of them. The Wolfe was the only one he would even remotely agree to use, and that was only because he could angle it away from his shoulder, so it kind of negated using a rest at all. When My friend offered me a credit to her store, I decided to get a Bon Musica for both my son and myself. I had been using a Kun Collapsable, and was pretty happy, but I figured since it was free I would give this a shot to see what the hype was about.<br /><br />I spent about a half hour setting mine up. The instructions were a bit confusing, but I eventually figured out how to angle the rest so that the fiddle was aligned the way I like to play. Once I figured out how to adjust it, I called my son downstairs to work on his. I figured it was going to be a huge battle, and take hours to get it adjusted right. Shockingly he was pretty happy with it the way it came. I lowered the height a bit, but that was about it. Then later that night we sat down to play, and he was still pretty happy with it, but said it kind of made his neck feel stretched. I angled his the same way I had angled mine, and he was completely satisfied. He played for about an hour, and didn't complain about it once. It also didn't fall off once.  All of his other rests would fall off at least a few times during practice.<br /><br />the adjustability of this rest is astounding. I wasn't impressed with it, until I figured out how to change the lateral plane the fiddle sat on. Once I got it tilted the right way, I completely fell in love with it.<br />Bottom line: This rest would have been worth the money if I had paid for it. I wish I had just skipped all the other rests that I have bought my son over the years, and gotten this one straight away. If you can't find a rest that is comfortable and stays put, this is the rest for you.ll in love with it.<br />Bottom line: This rest would have been worth the money if I had paid for it. I wish I had just skipped all the other rests that I have bought my son over the years, and gotten this one straight away. If you can't find a rest that is comfortable and stays put, this is the rest for you.