I became interested in the ukulele after seen a group of players at a local Fete. I have recently retired and my wife suggested I take up learning an instrument. I decided that I would take up the Ukulele.<br />I went searching for advice on what to buy. I did not want the most expensive nor did I want the cheapest. I found a youtube channel by a guy calling himself Ukulele Mike. I liked his style and his way of playing. I found a video of him advising what type of instrument is best suited for a beginner. Mike teaches ukulele to kids in schools. He said he would strongly recommend the Oscar Schmidt Concert Ukulele.  I searched the internet for what others had to say about this model and all the reviews were positive. It is a well made Ukulele and it is a very attractive instrument. It came with Aquila strings which are the strings that most Ukulele players use and recommend. I found the tone to be on the mellow side  which I like really.. I bought a snark clip on tuner. Because the strings were new they needed to be streched before they settled down and they need to be tuned a lot during the breaking in period  (About 1 Week) Now they are settled they done require to be tuned so often. When people see my Ukulele they go wow. There is one tiny negative that I experienced. Whilst I was learning chords I found the tips of my fingers were quite sore from pressing the strings down on the frets. A friend of mine who plays the acoustic guitar looked at my Uke and said the problem with my sore fingers was caused by the action on the ukulele being too high. He advised me to have the instrument set up and the action made lower.  Most decent music shops will do this. I brought the instrument into a local music shop and explained my problem. They said they would set it up. It cost me £20 quid to have this done.  And the good news was that my ukulele was easier to play and the set up made such a difference.  This is  very common with acoustic instruments. and they all need tobe set up. So be prepared for this.  Some shops do this when they sell you an instrument but there is a charge associated with it.<br />After saying all this I can strongly recommend The Oscar Schmidt Concert Ukulele. . it is an absolutely beautiful instrument and the high gloss finish is flawless. and for what it is, the price is very reasonable. Hope this helps.