These reviews here are all subjective.  Reviewers are using different mic preamps or mixers, difference processors (if any) and different EQ's, along with different power amps and different speakers.  And, of course, the listening environments are different.  The environments are anything from a small room, like a basement studio or rehearsal area to a large live venue.  So, the only real constant is that we should have experience in comparing this microphone to another one in the setting we are accustomed to with the equipment we are familiar with.  I use real-world gear such as a Behringer or Mackie mixer, Carvin or Crown power amps, and Carvin LM5, non-powered speakers for my mains.  I use Peavey PR10's for my monitors.  I use pretty standard mic cables, like Pro-Co or cables I've made with Belden or Belden equivalent cables.  Nothing exotic.<br /><br />I compared this microphone with an older USA-made Shure SM58 (which has been used very little but mostly kept stored on a shelf), Shure Beta 57a, CAD D189, and AKG D880.  In order of preference I like the Blue enCORE 100, CAD D189, AKG D880, Shure Beta 57a, and the SM58.  There are of course many vocal microphones in the $100 or near $100 price range that I have not used.  I would still like to try some Audix microphones, like the OM2 or OM3 and the AKG D5, which replaced the D880 I have, and an E/V microphone or two.  These are all dynamic microphones.<br /><br />The SM58 is the industry standard and that is because the pro sound front-of-house techs know these microphones and know how to use them.  The SM57 and SM58 have been around for many years. They are pretty flat in response compared to most microphones and don't need a lot of EQ (most times). Check the standard equipment list of most major venues and they all have Shure SM57 and SM58 microphones with an assortment of AKG or Audio-Technica microphones (and maybe some Sennheisers).  They'll also have a Yamaha digital mixer, Crown power amps and most likelythey'll have EAW speakers.  Again, all industry standards.  Your preferred list might vary.  Something that has stood the test of time deserves respect, but I found that over time other companies also learn how to make different or better products worthy of consideration.  Blue is such a company.<br /><br />I set my mixer tone controls to flat and did not use outboard EQ when comparing these.  I wanted to change the EQ for all of them in actual use because they all have their built-in frequency bumps and dips, and depending on a person's voice you might find these beneficial or detrimental.  Proximity effect, or an increase in low-end response as you sing closer to the microphone, also comes into play.  I generally don't care for much of that because the result can be that muddy performance that so many speak of with so many microphones.  Others boost the top end for more brightness to make the mic stand out in that way.  What I like about this Blue microphone is the absolute clarity it has that the others don't have.  The CAD comes the closest.  (It has been compared to the Beta 57a, but it doesn't perform like the 57a I have - the CAD is better.)  The proximity effect is slight and not overblown.  I can sing right into this microphone (i.e. very close) and not be concerned about whether I'm making the tonality too muddy/bassy.  This lets me sing without fighting the microphone. Some call it working the microphone but sometimes the microphone can work you. I already said I liked the clarity and by that I mean that it seems transparent and not like I put a sock over it. I believe I have read a review somewhere where the reviewer said this microphone seemed a bit like a condenser with its transparency.  I just ordered a second one and I'll probably sell off other microphones and get more of these.  I don't see how you could do better in this price range.  If you are trying to capture a natural presentation of your voice or any voice, this is the microphone.  It can'tmake you sing but if you can sing the microphone won't get in your way as so many seem to.  Also, this microphone seems to have better gain before feedback than my other microphones or other microphones I have used in the past.