To answer my own question:  Yes!  I had been thinking of getting one of these a try, and after a trip to IBMA and the accompanying trade show in 2012, I came home and ordered one.  I couldn't be more pleased with this instrument.  Three areas of discussion I want to share as you consider purchase of one of these.<br /><br />The plusses:  If you travel to pick, your going to love it in lieu of your traditional upright bass.  Much easier to tote.  The instrument sounds and plays consistently all the way across the fret board.  Not many URB's can do this, but these can.  The instrument stays in tune.  That may not be that big of a deal, I am so used to constantly tuning my traditional URB, I check this one, and it's a waste of time; almost freaky how it stays in tune.  Since the bass is powered by electricity, you have complete, utter control of the quality and quantity of sound.  More on quality of sound later.<br /><br />Considerations:  There's a couple of things you'll need to do to the bass that will help it.  First, change the strings.  I didn't care at all for the stings that came with it.  They made the bass sound like an electric bass, which it is in one sense, but it's supposed to sound like an URB.  I swapped out to some Helicore's and that did the trick tonally.  Don't be afraid to put your favorite bass strings on this bass.  Second, I changed out the tuners.  Nothings super wrong with the tuners that came on the bass, but I upgraded to a better quality, fine adjusting set of tuners.  The case that came with the bass is a good one, you'll like it.  The stand is excellent too.  As a bluegrass bass player, I can spend hours standing playing in jams.  Playing a traditional upright bass, you never get to sit down when you play, and when you take a bathroom or supper break, the traditional bass has to be laid down on its side.  This bass, however, has a stand that adjusts up and down (and some other directions too) so you can actually sit down like everyone else and play!  And you can walk away from your instrument without laying it down!  That's huge!<br /><br />Sound quality:  The Polar piezo pickup on this instrument is actually quite amazing.  Sound signal is excellent, but you've got to process it and that's a very big deal with this instrument.  Spend some money and get a really good bass amp.  I'd recommend Acoustic Image, but there are other quality amps.  I'd also recommend that you purchase a good preamp like  Fishman's Pro EQ Platinum Bass Preamp. The combination of the bass, pre, and amp is just absolutely killer.  The proof, however, came from my bandmates.  My traditional URB is a 1955 King that is outstanding.  I A/B'ed the two basses through the same pre and amp and the band picked the NS base over the traditional bass.  Our band plays traditional bluegrass; we want to sound like a traditional bluegrass band, so it was a big deal for them to pick the NS bass over the King.  They love the tone and the punch.  And, they like the ability to manage the volume especially while we are on stage.  Stage sound is usually poor, but if we can hear the bass, our timing stays solid.<br /><br />This instrument get's lots of looks in the bluegrass world.  Not exactly what everyone expects to see and I've been a little apprehensive about whether it would be accepted in the circles I travel in.  Several professional bluegrass bands are using these instruments, but I'm not seeing any of these in jams at festivals, except for me.  It's pretty cool, folks are really blown away by the sound; they can't believe it.  They all say that if you close your eyes, you couldn't tell the difference between the NXT and a traditional bass.  That's huge to hear that from the old timers.  Plus, I get a chance to make some jokes.  Everyone wants to know why my bass is so skinny; I tell them that I put it on a diet or that I keep forgetting to feed it.<br /><br />Ultimately, you are going to spend some bucks.  This is not a cheap way to get in the bass business if you want quality sound.  The bass sells for around $1,300.  The pre amp and amp I've recommended will set you back another $1,300 or so.  Just do it, you'll be glad you did!  Thanks for reading and I hope this helps you.  Peace.