I have a custom Jim Worland L-OO in 13 fret, similar to Gibson's 1933 model, made from Honduran Rosewood and Italian Spruce. I had been using a combination of GHS Vintage Bronze mediums and lights -- I use lights on the first two steel strings and mediums for the other strings. And I have also sometimes used the lights, except for a single medium 6th string (56), when I want to punch up the bass. Great tone -- clear, loud, rich overtones, with a full slightly warm sound that also has the potential to growl or bark. Most important, they are not twangy, tinny, or brassy.<br /><br />I was very happy with the tone I got from these strings. And they seemed to get better with some playing time, which made me lazy about changing strings. But I recently got the (ultimately bad) idea to try some new strings, just to see what I might be missing. I put on a set of Martin SP Phospher Bronze and was shocked to hear how thin, tinny, and brassy they sounded. Sure, they were bright with good sustain, but what a crappy sound. I left them on for a week, hoping they would improve, but I couldn't stand them one moment longer after a week. I went back to the GHS Vintage Bronze, and now I have my great tone back. Interestingly, the Martin Phospher Bronze destroyed the beautiful tone of my L-OO, so strings can and will make a big difference.<br /><br />And, until just recently, I had a Chris Bozung of CB Guitars VJ slope shouldered dread, and I used GHS Vintage Bronze medium strings on that big guitar to great effect. In fact, they sounded so good, a pro guitarist friend of mine talked me out that guitar, and he's now using it on stage. I have another vintage style guitar ordered from Tony Klassen of ARK New Era guitars. It'll be a vintage style jumbo, and I'm pretty sure these GHS strings will bring out the best in that guitar, too.<br /><br />I recommend you at least try these strings. I think you may find they're a lot better than all this Phospher Bronze and worse -- coated phosphor bronze -- that is so heavily promoted today.