I purchased the Humicase Prot&eacute;g&eacute; classical/flamenco guitar case for a Cordoba C7 classical guitar that I recently purchased.  I was pleasantly surprised to learn that Cordoba will extend their standard 3 year guitar warranty to a lifetime warranty if you purchase this case and store your guitar in it.<br /><br />The case I ordered came from Chicago Music Exchange.  It arrived well-packaged and without any shipping damage.  The case I received was very solid in construction and has 4 metal latches to secure the lid.  The case can be locked with provided keys, but I see no value in this as someone who is determined to open this case will get it open whether it is locked or not.  Despite being manufactured in China, this case appears to be of high quality.  I have had no issues with the lid not lining up with the rest of the case as reported by another reviewer.  The interior has a beautiful fabric lining, and there is a storage box that both supports the neck of the guitar and allows storage of my digital tuner and other small items.  My Cordoba guitar fits very snuggly in this case, which I believe is intentional to keep the guitar from flopping around in the case.  Unlike the description provided by others, my case has only one humidifier which is located right above the sound hole of the guitar.  The humidifier is a removable round plastic container with a thin sponge inside.  You simply moisten the sponge with distilled water and put it in the holder to provide humidification for your guitar.  It is easy to remove and replace.<br /><br />This is an expensive guitar case compared with others advertised on Amazon for purchase.  I think this case is worth its extra cost, though, as it is very solid in construction, will protect your guitar well against damage, and has a built-in humidification system to help keep it from cracking.  If you purchase this case when you purchase a Cordoba guitar you can extend your guitar warranty to a lifetime warranty.  If you own any nice classical guitar and are looking for a good quality storage case this is well worth consideration.y nice classical guitar and are looking for a good quality storage case this is well worth consideration.