I just got my Takamine G501S last night the action was way high I had to set it up right away in order to play it. First thing that I did was to remove the strings and then remove the bridge and remove the shim from under the bridge. That lowered the string's just a tad but not enough for my taste. I took the bridge back off and used a nail file to sand down the bottom side of the bridge, this is tedious work but you wont take off too much at a time do this until you get the results that you want. If you take to much off hang on to the shim that you removed and at least you will have a back up plan. The next thing was to change the strings to Elixir light gage strings, they cost a little more but are well worth the price your guitar will sound better and the strings will last you 5 times longer that the cheep Diadario strings that came on the guitar, I just hate those strings it seems like every guitar that you buy new has them on it I suppose because they are so cheep. Ok to the guitar it is built very well no blemish's the frets are smooth their small not like jumbo frets. Your going to have to play it for a while to loosen it up but after that it sounds very nice the tuners stay in tune not like some of the reviews that I have read that stated the tuners were crap, they are very solid and hold the strings in tune. I got a nice hard case with mine and it,s quality also, the guitar has a very good tone I miked it up to my Fishman Loudbox and it really did sound fine. The guitar has a vibration when you play it like no other guitar that I have played before. And the vibration is a good thing it makes the sound come through the top of the guitar, I took it to orchestra practice tonight and it was plenty loud enough without miking it up, to be heard with a piano, two flutes a trombone and a loud trumpet player. So I quess the it being an OM model which stands for orchestra model really does make it just right for our orchestra, every one said that it sounded really good. I just wanted to write a review that was positive towards the Takamine G501S I think that over time it will be a great guitar, I hope to put an under saddle pickup in it as soon as I can I am very glad that I came across this guitar it looks great and it has a voice of its own.