I am liking this little amp more and more the more I play it. I wish it had an extension speaker plug though. By the way, it uses the same speaker as the Bugera V5, which is a great sounding amp too. I have a Gretsch solid body Electro-something or other, a Fender Squire Model 51, and a Legacy Strat copy. I think maybe the speaker is sounding better as it breaks in.<br />  I am a soon to be 60 year old that has hacked away at guitar playing since junior high school days. I don't have a lot of music theory learning, but am able to sound pretty good. I also have a Pignose VR60G all tube 60 watt combo, a Fender Deluxe 112 Plus solid state, and an Albion 10 watt combo. I won't gp through the amps I've bought and sold. I'm just playing by myself at home these days, but did play in 3 different bands in the 1970s. I believe I will keep this little amp. From what I've heard on youtube, I would also suggest the Bugera V5. It has reverb, a speaker extension plug, and is ALL tube, and not a hybrid like the BC15. I believe I paid under $100 for my BC15 brand new over a year ago. I would like to do some jamming if I could get some people together, and the BC15 could do the job. I play a bluesey/rock type of music, and have some hearing damage from the bands I played in and the bands I've seen live (Hendrix, Allman Brothers, Mountain, Black Sabbath, Wishbone Ash, Robin Trower, Johnny Winter, John Mayall, ETC, ETC.<br />  For the money, this amp is a good find. I do not want, or care about, \\"modeling amps\\".<br /><br />  Update 10/1/2013  This bargain of an amp is growing on me more and more every time I play it. I think, for one thing, the speaker is breaking in and seems to be gaining more depth as time goes by. I am not missing the lack of reverb one bit. If you play with no reverb, you can't hide behind sloppy playing. I have yet to try any pedals through this thing either. I do have a few, but am having a lot of fun playing this without them. I have 3 electric guitars. A Fender Squire Model 51 (this guitar has NO tone controls-just switches for your pickups and a volume knob), a Legacy Strat copy, and a solid body Gretsch Electromatic that looks like a (very heavy) Les Paul. They all sound good through the BC15.<br />  On a few occasions, when I pushed the on switch, the amp was dead. Looks like it was caused by a sloppy fitting wall outlet. I plugged the cord into the other plug in on the same outlet, and no more problem.r Squire Model 51 (this guitar has NO tone controls-just switches for your pickups and a volume knob), a Legacy Strat copy, and a solid body Gretsch Electromatic that looks like a (very heavy) Les Paul. They all sound good through the BC15.<br />  On a few occasions, when I pushed the on switch, the amp was dead. Looks like it was caused by a sloppy fitting wall outlet. I plugged the cord into the other plug in on the same outlet, and no more problem.