the sound of this is really really great. I had a nord lead 2, had to sell it for cash. while that was sad, I strangely find this more satisfying than that one. while the nord had stellar synth sounds, I didn't have \\"normal\\" sounds, like piano, and vibes, and what have you. this has that. I had a 1200 dollar synth that couldn't record onto it!!! this has that, plus a sampler built in, plus an input jack so I can run my guitar/bass into it,  as I said before, the sound for the price is really good, and I haven't made my way to the neat sounds yet like the synth and non-traditional sounds. I would recommend this for ANYONE that wants a keyboard to record with and I haven't even gotten into the learning programs built in. this has songs to play along with to learn, while cheesy, I will do from time to time to get better, plus it has chord diagrams to look up! that alone is amazing even if you don't use the learning stuff. that said, I can't wait to start to use this bad boy and get some stuff recorded and online for people to dig. plus, I have a mediocre effects unit and can't WAIT to run this through some effects. piano bathed in extra reverb is the best thing ever.<br /><br />UPDATE: it's been a few months now and I've used and recorded with this \\"bad boy\\". the only gripe I can say is something you'll find with any synth/keyboard under I don't know 1000 dollars. the problem is no control over sustain/decay of sound. with the sustain pedal (like the piano pedal) the sound will just hold and not go away, which makes the sound crazy and muddy real quick. the piano and other sounds just get a softer sound, not a real sustain. I am more shocked there aren't any ADJUSTABLE sustain pedals. can't believe no one has thought of that, boggles the mind. that said, the sound is good, the drum sounds are cool, haven't even sampled with it still, as I have a digitech jamman pedal I use to loop sounds when I practice/record, that's fun, cause I can loop the keyboard onto itself instantly. the digitech jamman is a pedal worth getting for any instrument you play. this keyboard is nice and for the price it is a steal.antly. the digitech jamman is a pedal worth getting for any instrument you play. this keyboard is nice and for the price it is a steal.