I have an old D-18 that was dead sounding, and looked even worse. Over the years I tried the old &#34;damp cloth&#34; method to clean it to no avail. I thought I had worn through the finish on the top, and was prepared to accept that and live with it. This is a shade-top D-18GE made in 2000 or so. The frets were green with patina up past 12 where I never go, and the fingerboard had gunk stuck to it from a decade of playing. So I sat down with this kit, and followed the instructions. First, I took the strings off and cleaned the fingerboard and frets. They include a piece of 8000 grit Micro-Mesh in the kit for the frets. You might be inclined to use it along the lengths of the frets, but it works best if you run the piece up and down the fingerboard. Once I had all the greenish patina off the upper frets, and the lower ones were all nice and shiny, I used the conditioner on the fingerboard. On this particular D-18 there is an ebony board and bridge. The very coolest thing about the fingerboard conditioner is the dabber-top bottle it's in. You just dab it on the wood and wipe it in. I did the fingerboard and bridge and they came out looking beautiful. Then I used the cleaner/polish on the body, and that place where I thought the finish was wearing through turned out to look just like the rest of the top - very beautiful indeed. After I got the body nice and clean, I hit the neck and headstock. I buffed the whole guitar with a soft 100% cotton cloth - you get two of them in this kit - I used one for the fingerboard cleaning/oiling and the other to apply the cleaner to the body and neck. I did not, however, apply the carnauba wax. I see no reason to do that on an acoustic guitar such as this Martin because I don't want anything getting in the way of the tone, and the finish that's on there is very high-gloss to begin with. I will, however, use it on my Teles and Strats. Anyway, after the guitar was all cleaned up I installed a new set of strings and gave it a good workout. The guitar sounds as good now as it ever has, and it has sounded fantastic. Now it is one hella cannon!<br /><br />All said and done, this kit brought my D-18 back from the dead. I highly recommend this kit to anyone who needs to restore a dirty, neglected acoustic back to life. I can only imagine it will do the same for any wooden, stringed instrument.