I like a \\"sproingy\\" bass sound. Think Kim Deal in the Pixies or Eric Avery in Janes Addiction. Precision basses can achieve it with good equalization, and Ernie Ball MusicMan basses excel at it, but they're active basses, and I don't like dealing with batteries. Or even effects pedals, for that matter. I was planning to build a P-bass, and was searching for a kit when I ran across this. Being 95 bucks, I thought that I could, at the very least, use the body for a template to make my own bodies if it played or sounded terrible. It doesn't. The neck is wider at the nut than a Fender bass, at least the ones I've played, but not so huge as to be uncomfortable, and I have smaller hands. It came with a rosewood fingerboard, which detracts a little from the brightness of the sound, but nothing that can't be overcome with the amp. You may notice that it has one pickup, but three knobs. One is a volume, of course, and the other two are both tone knobs. One is like the tone that you're used to, and sweeps from low to high. The other one is kind of a mid-frequency filter, which does a bang-up job of allowing changes in tone, from loose, buttery lows to funk slaps that might fool a listener into thinking that it's an active bass. The finish is excellent on the one I received, and the fretwork is immaculate. There was a silly \\"Dr. Tech\\" logo on the headstock, but it sanded off with about 4 passes of some 220 grit. The headstock is unfinished, but the back of the neck seems to have a coat or two of poly on it. It's smooth enough. It IS a heavy instrument- mine weighs in at 11.5 pounds. Invest in a good, wide, padded strap and some strap locks. At this price, you can afford to. After playing it for a couple of weeks, I'm dumbfounded by the fact that a bass of this quality can be sold at this price. The 2 people that have played mine have both ordered one. I couldn't even build one like it for three times the investment. So, if you're considering it, do it. You'll have no problem making your money back if you don't like it.aking your money back if you don't like it.