I give the Hagstrom Tremar Viking Deluxe Electric Guitar a five star review simply because this guitar is not only as beautiful as the pictures, it is easy to play, tune and came out of the box ready to tune. I was playing within minutes of opening it up. I played for nearly an hour before I even plugged it into my amp ~ and then wow, I loved it even more. I truly believe that I will have this guitar for a lifetime. The fit, finish and overall look, sound and unique flair will not disappoint. I did my research and compared too many guitars to count. This came down to one of the finalist, due to many of the attributes that were important to me, such as the complete access to the frets near the pickups and having a tremolo (tremar, vibrato). I looked at many guitars on line and especially the video reviews by musicians. Of course I realize many great guitarist can seemingly make most guitars sound great, but balancing what I heard with the comments by these players it wasn't really hard to &#34;qualify&#34; my contenders. Of course finding this model or waiting for my local shop to order it was an option, but after my research I took the chance and ordered on line and really happy I did. I also have looked closely at the workmanship and find it to be excellent. I have seen where some seem to be unlucky and find some problems with frets needing filing and such, but this was not the case with mine. I could not find anything wrong with it. For me, it is all about sound and ease of playing first. This fits this without any doubts. Secondly, it is also about looks. Well, Hagstrom has some very unique styling's, such as the tuner heads, the head itself, and just the overall look. I could not be happier with the sound and the beauty. I love being able to play unplugged sometimes, when my wife is home and we are watching TV (LOL) ~ it can be heard without being intrusive to others around ~ of course I could just plug in and wear my headphones as well to get all the effects, but sometimes my need to play AND be with my wife happens at the same time without the need to be the center of attention!  If you get a chance to get one, don't worry, if you've done your homework, you will not be disappointed.ut sometimes my need to play AND be with my wife happens at the same time without the need to be the center of attention!  If you get a chance to get one, don't worry, if you've done your homework, you will not be disappointed.