I purchased the 2013 Fender Select HSS Stratocaster instead of the 2012 model which was also available at the time. Either guitar would have been an excellent choice. I really liked the awesome look and feel of the compound radius rosewood fretboard. It is the unique look of the channel bound fretboard that sets this model apart asthetically. The hand rubbed oil, birds eye maple neck is real smooth and feels like my 1972 strats maple neck that has years of wear on the back side making it real smooth...little friction. The flamed maple top is unique on each guitar. Some have many pronounced tiger stripes whereas other are more subtle. Because of this it is best to see what the body looks like before purchase which is not always possible. My guitar has a fair amount of flame which becomes more pronounced dependant on the angle of view and direction of light. The pickups have a distinct and pleasing sound. They are custom for this guitar and are overwound. YouTube some videos for a listen. I have just started practicing and playing again after not having picked up a guitar in years. The select Strat with a humbucker bridge pickup has actually made practicing fun. I am becoming addicted. I can't wait to plug in and play. Once I start it's hard to put down. For me it is because the way this guitar plays, feels, sounds and looks. I also have short fingers and was worried the thick modern c neck would make gripping the neck difficult. I am happy to say it is a perfect fit and feels more natural then my other few electric guitars that I own. 1970 Telecaster, 1972 Stratocaster,1986 Kramer Focus 2000, early 90's Gibson Les Paul Studio, older Kramer with Wizard neck. I almost forgot. This guitar is modern in many aspects but also presents and feels vintage. The control knobs, toggle switch, pickups and whammy bar tip are aged to look vintage. It also has the Massive Stratocaster headstock with the black Fender logo in high contrast. Not to forget the beautiful custom tweed G&Gcase that is included. The case is solid, and is cut to fit this Strat like a glove. The tweed stripes appear to move and are blinding when looked at closely. I would not trade my Select for a Fender Custom Shop. No how no way. This is one Guitar that I feel was a steal...even at this high price range.