I bought this to add on to my new Takamine 2012 Limited Edition guitar. That guitar is a gorgeous piece of work in a piano black deadnaught cut-away body. It has a Cool Tube2 preamp. The guitar comes with the palathetic pick-up embedded in the bridge. It sounds wonderful as supplied, but when you add the Takamine soundhole pickup, it enters another plane of bliss. The Cool Tube preamp has an extra input for this pick-up and a short cord is supplied for the attachment. You move the switch on the back of the pick up to \\"passive\\" (The power then comes from the preamp in the guitar) I am playing through a Fishman SA 220 PA system and the sound is just so deep and lush. I can move from a sweet rock to gentle jazz. It even sounds great with my pedalboard using tremolo and chorus. Heck even the Wah pedal sounds great. The resonance is exquisite. The bass is deep and powerful. You can dial in the balance between the soundhole pick up and the palathetic pickup and you can also control how much \\"tube sound\\" is provided through Cool Tube.<br /><br />I then went to my old 1977 F-350M guitar. (original owner). A couple of years ago I had put in an LR Baggs I Beam bridge pick up that never sounded right to me. It also had terrible feedback. I removed the I Beam and easily inserted the Triax supplied cable and jackstrap assembly into my second guitar through the already existng jackstrap hole. (It comes with both connectors as depicted in the advertisement). The switch on the back of the Triax now has to be moved to \\"active\\" and the supplied batteries in the pickup provide gain. There is a volume control on the edge of the pickup you can now use. It now sounds so much better than the L R Baggs bridge pick up and the feedback is gone. Now I can move the Triax back and forth between the 2 guitars as needed - a pretty darn good deal if you ask me. Very pleased with this device and Musical Instrument Haven.<br />Caution! I first bought this through EMusic Buys and they did not supplythe short cable for the Cool Tube attachment. They could not send me another and then made me pay my own postage to return it. I will not use them again.