I've been playing guitar for a long time but recently got into ambient guitar.  Ambient pedalboards that you can see on forums are full of great analog or digital stompboxes that I also lust after.  For ambient, time-based effects are indispensable.  You can live without chorus but delay and reverb are musts.  Not only that, you should probably try to stack multiple delays and reverbs to create huge textures.  The pedals I lust after are around 150 USD cheapest (e.g., Catalinbread Montavillian delay).  Many of them are more expensive than that (e.g., Strymon and Eventide).  The problem is, I'm just a hobbyist and it's not like I'm trying to win a grammy.  So it's hard to justify spending that much on a single pedal.  Another problem is that there is no end to wanting pedals and your pedalboard grows heavier and bigger, eventually becoming a pain to carry and requiring an additional power supply (and you know that the good PSU's cost another 100-200 USD).<br /><br />When I heard about Zoom MS-70 CDR, I thought this could be a great compromise.  Yes, maybe it won't be an Eventide or a Strymon but it models some of their well-known effects.  It could be my way of adding some of those sounds to my arsenal (and who knows, maybe I won't like ambient effects so much or won't find myself being a very successful ambient guitarist after all).  I also looked at my current pedals and immediately saw five that could be made obsolete by Zoom MS-70 CDR (a chorus, a digital delay, an analog delay, a reverb, and a tuner --YES, the MS-70 CDR has a tuner, too).  That would mean a more efficient, more tidy, more lightweight board (the only fault with this reasoning is that true analog delays sound really different to me than any of their digital emulators. But with each new product, the digitals come closer to mimicking them faithfully).<br /><br />For the price, I just had to try this plan.  And I've had the pedal for 2 days only but it's most likely going to work.  That's because theMS-70 CDR has pristine sound quality and no noise or tone suck, can emulate well-known expensive effects pretty well (take this with caution from me, since I've never heard those effects first-hand, but only through internet) and even if it didn't emulate so well, it still has TONS of high quality effects that you can combine in any way (given there is a DSP limit, up to 6 at a time) to create your own patches, it's easy to use, it can be powered by my pedalboard PSU (Zoom reports a much higher mA draw but my BBE SupaCharger's 200 mA out works perfectly for it), it's small and sturdy (nothing about it feels cheap), each individual effect has many easily tweakable parameters, it has stereo in and outs, and ... I don't know if there's anything left.  It's just a wonderful addition to my pedalboard.<br /><br />I'm trying hard to think of a flaw with this pedal.  The only thing I can think of is the DSP limit: When you stack effects, at some point the device runs out of processing power and cannot add certain effects.  The MS-70 CDR is advertised as \\"6 effects simultaneously\\" but don't expect all effects combinations to work.  It's easy to stack two delays and be unable to add many of the reverbs due to the DSP limit.  It depends on the individual effects as each effect uses a certain processing power.  So, it's important to understand this before your purchase, to not be disappointed.  I knew about the DSP limit but wasn't sure how much of a problem it was.  I find that, yes it's limiting, but it doesn't subtract from the value of this unit for me.<br /><br />And sure, you could also ask for an aux input, a rhythm section, headphone out, MIDI and/or expression pedal capability, etc., but I think such a small and affordable pedal cannot provide everything you need.  I really could not want more from a pedal at this price.  I have and have had other Zoom products before (B2 for bass, H1 recorder, etc.) and have been very happy with them.  But this one really sets a newstandard.  The only competition to the MS-70 CDR is the other Zoom MS pedals (and I think Korg is about to respond to Zoom with a similar product called Pandora Stomp).  Kudos to Zoom.  Especially if you're after building a small and/or budget pedalboard, this is such a gem of a pedal.  Go get it and have fun!