I have been plying drums, and playing hard since I was nine years old. (Don't tell anybody, but now I'm 56). I am probably like most hard rock, hard hitting drummers so nothing new there.  I have used every type and just about every size stick there is.  I even have a pair of Plexiglass sticks that match my Ludwig Vistalite Kit.  I never use them cause the have a lot of flop, like playing with cooked spaghetti.  Okay, maybe not that bad, but you get the idea.  I like wooden sticks but always had trouble with having them fly when I get real sweaty.  I have tried tape, okay, but no cigar.  I am a creature of habit and don't like changing when I am comfortable with what I am using.  A fellow drummer had a heck of time getting me to switch from a Ludwig Speed King foot pedal to a chain driven Gibraltar - Rock of Gibraltar pedal many years ago.  When I finally did try one, I loved it.  The same holds true for AHEAD Sticks. The feel is superb, I highly recommend using the grip tape, sold separately of course. The balance of these sticks is unrivaled.  What this means is that you can play for hours on end without hand and wrist fatigue.  This is huge for me as I practice usually daily and for four to eight hours at a time.  The sticks form and fit, finish, and looks are really great too.  They have nylon tips, that's okay, but I do prefer the sound of wood when I use my 21 inch Zildjian Ride.  You know, that ting sound when you hit at the bell.  Wood sounds better than nylon, personal preference.  However, that being said, with the addition of the sleeves over the aluminum base, these sticks also reduce vibration, that's also huge, again as a fatigue issue. Wooden sticks just make my hands start to hurt after a few hours and I need to take a break.  Not so with the AHEAD sticks. Look, I fly around my kit, from Zeppelin, RUSH, The Who, TOOL, Dream Theater, you get the idea.  I have three different sizes depending on my mood or type of music I am playing.  The heavier sticksprovide a better over all feel and hit like a ton of bricks, I love that.  The smaller sticks like the 7A's do great too if you are planning on lighter stuff but need constant speed like Tool and RUSH.  Of course my favorite is pounding out some heavy Zeppelin with my 2B's.  I have read all this garbage about them breaking cymbals, not true.  That is, not any more true than any other stick attacking cymbals.  I had to quit buying Zildjian's 16\\" Thin Crash as I was cracking one a week when I was touring.  That was with wooden sticks, so, I went to a 16\\" Medium Thin Crash, no more cracking.  That was many years ago.  I have been using AHEAD Sticks for the last ten years and I have never, let me say that again, NEVER, broke or cracked any cymbals.  And, for the record, I hit my cymbals hard. Not on purpose, it is just how it goes when you play \\"hard rock\\".  The bottom line is these sticks are great, they are comfortable, last forever, (Sleeves need replacing on a regular basis) and they play great.  If you play for hours like me, are tired of losing or even breaking wooden sticks from hard playing and sweaty hands, then these will be perfect for you too.  When you consider this, I have five pairs of these, and I have never had to buy another pair.  They just don't break, they don't wear out, and they look pretty sharp too. I do recommend when you first get them to unscrew the tips and put just a very small amount of super glue at the base of the threads on the stick.  This keeps the tips from backing off when playing hard.  I learned this the hard way with my first pair, though I was advised of the glue thing, I didn't.  I was playing my ass off (with my eyes closed I might add), when I felt a rather scary scrunch from my snare.  I had lost a tip, and the aluminum threads sliced through my head.  I must have been hitting it for a bit as there were many small cuts in the head near the rip.  I found the tip, it was intact.  Lesson learned, glue the tip, just a tiny bitwill do though.  I have spent maybe 150.00 for all of the AHEAD sticks I have including sleeves and wraps.  That was in 2003, and 2004.  They are still in use today, and I have not bought another pair of wooden sticks.  ROCK ON...  : )