I decided to try and learn some basic guitar and bought this R & B sunburst tele-style guitar in June (2015), after discovering that an electric is far easier to learn on than an acoustic (which I bought earlier).  There is a bewildering number of guitars out there, including beginner-level.  While I did not have the chance to personally try too many, I decided to buy this one based upon reviews, the Grover tuners and price (I paid less than $90 for it).<br /><br />The guitar arrived well-packed.  It came well set up, with all strings in tune; I have found that the guitar tends to stay in tune, and even when one or two strings go out-of-tune, they only go slightly flat or sharp, an easy correction.  The finish is nice, with a smooth neck.  I find the action quite easy for a beginner.  The pickups are silent, and I've not noticed any fret buzz. The guitar has a nice, solid feel to it, but without being too heavy.  The contoured back fits comfortably against the body when playing.  The tone, volume controls and toggle switch work well and smoothly.  The neck shows no curve or warpage.<br /><br />There are some flaws, although so far, they've been minor.  The triple-ply pickguard is nice, but there were some imperfections noticed; a few strands of fiber were embedded in it, apparently part of the injection molding process.  Not really noticeable except when looking hard.  The curved cut where the pickguard wraps around the bridge is slightly off; one end is about 3 or 4 milimeters wider than the other end.  I didn't even notice it until after having it a couple of months.  One problem that did occur was after about six weeks, the guitar quit outputting a signal.  I found the problem was in the cable plug jack.  The hotwire solder had come lose from the contact.  I carefully removed the cable jack cover and re-soldered the connection nice and solid.  This is apparently a common problem with cheaper guitars imported from Asia (this guitar is Chinese made).<br /><br />All in all, I have no regrets about buying this guitar.  It feels good to play, sounds better than expected, stays in tune and has performed as well as any entry-level electric guitar I've seen.  It even sounds much like a real Fender tele, as I found recently; I'm using a Vox AC4TV tube amp, and it sounds pretty sweet.  I would buy it again even at the currently higher price.<br /><br />Added Sept.30.  This review is specifically on the R&B Special Tele Style with tobacco sunburst finish.  It seems that this 'Special' is of better quality.  Based upon my favorable impression of this guitar, I ordered a strat-style version.  Immediately returned.  It is of Spruce plywood, lacks Grover tuners (cheap ones instead), wouldn't tune well and went right out of tune every time.  The R&B Special tele style deserves five stars, but not too sure about other models now.ut buying this guitar.  It feels good to play, sounds better than expected, stays in tune and has performed as well as any entry-level electric guitar I've seen.  It even sounds much like a real Fender tele, as I found recently; I'm using a Vox AC4TV tube amp, and it sounds pretty sweet.  I would buy it again even at the currently higher price.  Added Sept.30.  This review is specifically on the R&B Special Tele Style with tobacco sunburst finish.  It seems that this 'Special' is of better quality.  Based upon my favorable impression of this guitar, I ordered a strat-style version.  Immediately returned.  It is of Spruce plywood, lacks Grover tuners (cheap ones instead), wouldn't tune well and went right out of tune every time.  The R&B Special tele style deserves five stars, but not too sure about other models now.