I picked these headphones up at Massdrop about a month ago, (they are a new item as of 8/29/15, the time of my writing of this review) and just received them recently. Now to start I consider myself a slight Audiophile, (would be all in just deterred by some costs)  but I am by no means an expert. I will separate this review into multiple sections.<br />1. Comfort: 10/10 These are hands down, the most comfortable headphones I have EVER worn. I put them on and immediately was blissful by their air like feel. I am not saying there aren't other headphones that are as comfortable as these, but they are the most comfortable pair I've ever worn. And along with that they are very attractive in appearance as well. the only thing I might comment on is the pictures make the Leather band that connects the cans looks thicker in the pictures just slightly, but no negative gripes for me here because it's so comfortable I wouldn't want it any way different.<br />2. Sound: 8/10 I will often compare these to the ath-m50's because they are a very popular pair of headphones on amazon. The sound on these are very Flat to me, but I mean that in the positive way. The bass is kicky but by no means head-shaking, (A negative for some, not anywhere near the bass response of the ath-m50s which though in my opinion are a little too hard hitting) and the same goes for all the signatures. If anything stands out the treble is a little more present then the mids and bass, but it's mostly negligible.<br />3. Sound stage and Isolation: 5/10 I combined these because they go hand and hand so to speak. Isolation isn't really existent, but you should have known that going in. Their &#34;semi-open&#34; design does feel completely open instead of semi-open though. The sound stage isn't Great. It's noticeable much better then ath-m50s, but that isn't saying a lot. The sound stage does leave a lot to be desired, but for the 75 USD I picked these up for they are more then adequate cost to performance wise.<br />4. Packaging and accessories: 3/10 The only thing in the entire box were the headphones and a 3.5mm to quarter inch adapter. Inside of the box was all plastic or cardboard very Bourgie design obviously to keep costs down on the final product. Once against not a real issue. You are getting a lot of headphone for the price. Just don't be disappointed when they don't arrive with a carrying case and other accessories.<br />5. Amp vs no Amp: Now upon receiving these I pulled them right out of the box and threw them straight on my head, and pulled in my Note 4 to check out how they would do without an amp powering them, and at least in the case of the Note 4, the phone is NOT sufficient enough to power the headphones adequately. Yes they still sound good, yes they are passable, but getting even sufficient volume was no achieved, and I could just feel they were lacking some of the punch they were designed to have. After hooking them up to my Amp, night and day difference. Sound opened up completely and overall response was just drastically increased.<br />Summery: Overall I am absolutely satisfied with these headphones and recommend them over anything in their price range that I have tried IF you are amping them.  If you are not planning on amping them in some way. I can not recommend these over other headphones such as the ath-m50s (still one of the best entry cans I think you can buy) or other over ears with lower Ohms then the AKG M220s. Now I absolutely think picking up a cheap amp along with these is absolutely worth it. The FiiO e6 is 27.99 USD right now, and combining these two I would prefer them over the ath-m50s, but for some people that might be too much hassle. If you plan on amping and are looking for a new set at an affordable price absolutely take the plunge.<br /><br />P.S. I will return to this review in a months time with an update.