When I first got this amp I thought it was a decent overall amp. Good for practicing at home and at moderate volumes. I was pretty happy overall, especially since a friend sold me one for $35! :) no real complaints . It sounds good on it's own.  But if you download the Fender FUSE program for PC, you TRULY open up what the amp can do !! The program can seem a little confusing especially if you have no experience plugging your guitar into your PC. Luckily I have some experience so it wasn't too hard . There were a few confusing things at first. Take your time with it and try your best to figure out the program and how it works with the amp . Once you get the hang of it . DANG! It can really enhance this amp. The program really let's you fine tune your amp presets. You can dial in how much gain, bass, treble,mids( yes the program let's you dial in mids, even though the physical amp doesn't have a mid knob ) you can also dial in how much effects you want . The physical amp doesn't allow you to fine tune the effects all that much, and this is why that program really adds so much to the amp.. So if you haven't used it yet , you're truly missing out in using this amp to it's full potential . I'm really picky when it comes to dialing in my tone so FUSE really helps a lot with this. After you've created the settings you like on it , you save it and it basically uploads it onto your amp. You can get many usuable clean and distorted sounds. It sounds awesome.... My favorite tones to create are singing lead tones with some delay, and reverb . Btw I use an Epiphone Les Paul black beauty :) .<br /><br />Let me just say this .. If your willing to spend at least 20-30 minutes figuring out how the amp and software works .. You will get lots of joy and fun out of this .. But if you're an older cranky fella who doesn't have time to waste on stuff like this ... Then it might not be for you . The amp isn't really a straight forward plug and play amp . You can use it like one , but you won't get the most out of it .. So if technology part of it confuses you and turns you off .. Then you should go for something a bit more simple ... But I feel learning your way around all the features can be really great , and can really bring out so much more if you're willing to learn how to use it .. It's not hard to get the hang of it at all if you do . 5/5won't get the most out of it .. So if technology part of it confuses you and turns you off .. Then you should go for something a bit more simple ... But I feel learning your way around all the features can be really great , and can really bring out so much more if you're willing to learn how to use it .. It's not hard to get the hang of it at all if you do . 5/5