This is a steal and a half for the $114 it's selling for as I type this, but when I ordered they were all $99 except the flame yellow (&#34;FY&#34;, look at color options), which was $76.23, so I got that. Took 7 days to get it undamaged. Really good lookin', no photo I've seen (including my own hi-res pix) really capture how sharp this guitar looks; on the front, a dark yellow in the middle that fades to orange-ish and finally red, lots of streaks and layered 3d effects, shiny shiny; the back and sides a shiny orange/gold woodgrain.  For the life of me, I cannot tell if the wood pattern on the front is real or somehow painted on, looks real and fantastic, just too fantastic for this price, if this were a 500 dollar guitar I wouldn't question it. Everything else looks very nice, white binding,  good chrome tuners, pearloid trim on the back, binding, soundhole and in the branding on the headstock, can't be real inlay but  looks almost like it is. Solidly built; I have a cheap(er) Chinese laminate guitar and a uke too, far better construction and materials with Oscar, don't know how he makes a profit. Super easy to play, almost perfect action for me, not gonna try and set it up. Only issue with this guitar is that the neck tapers to about 1 1/2 inches at the nut which makes the strings close together. I have small to medium hands for a grown man and I can play it; my standard A style mandolin has a skinnier neck and it's not made for kids. Nice sound for the size, could never project like a full size guitar but still pretty sweet with good volume and a balanced tone, not muddy; clean notes when plickin'. Good intonation without setup, stays in tune. You get D'Addario strings on it, a wrench for the adjustable truss rod and also a lifetime warranty. This is not a Little Martin or a Baby Taylor, but they cost 4 or 5 times as much. If you don't want to shell out 300+ dollars and you don't have larger fingers this is a very nice guitar, maybe just keep an eye out in caseOscar lowers the price again. Couldn't play guitar at all til I got this one and I've been having 2 other cheap ones for years, learned real quick, so a big fat dunca-shein to YOU  Oscar Schmidt.