I decided to finally shell out for a proper set of earbuds for riding my motorcycle and these were the most often-recommended on forums for that purpose.  Having used a bunch of cheap earbuds and fairing acceptably well with them, it was tough to get myself to pay for these but I was about to ride a week-long trip and wanted to finally do it right.  The short version is that they are totally worth the money.  I will use these for the foreseeable future and am glad I paid for them.<br /><br />The sound really is vastly better than any pair of cheap earbuds.  Wind noise inside a less-than-very-well-designed motorcycle helmet can be surprisingly irritating to the point of being fatiguing, so before figuring out how to get earbuds to stay in while donning a helmet I had always worn disposable foam ear plugs, and good, more-expensive ones at that.  These do a much better job blocking that noise, as well as making it easier to hear the quieter parts of music at the same time without jacking up the volume until you do permanent damage to your hearing.<br /><br />I picked up the recommended triple flange sleeves but haven't tried them yet.  The included soft black rubber sleeves have done a good job of sealing noise out and sound in, this is important as the better the seal the better they sound, and less volume is needed to be content with the sound which is important for both your long term hearing and short term endurance.  If they make your ears sore after a while, try a different set of sleeves, there's a good reason they come with a bunch of different sizes.<br /><br />The cords are pretty smart.  They are easy to remove from the buds themselves but I haven't had them pull out of the buds while donning my helmet.  There's a short length of stiffer, bendable wire at the bud ends that curves around the top of your ears which makes it much, much easier to keep the buds in your ears while putting on a helmet, which was a huge learning curve for me with cheap earbuds, and caused no end of frustration both to me and riding buddies who had to wait for me to get it right every time we'd get moving after a helmet-off stop during a single outing.<br /><br />You probably won't get your money's worth from these if you aren't skilled at using a graphic equalizer.  I run Jet Audio Plus on my Android phone and even with the included equalizer I find that while listening at home, I can adjust it for each track and improve my satisfaction.  This is not viable or necessary while riding, but if you don't tune your audio source at all, you're wasting money on these.  They sound as good as a $100 set of big fat over-the-ear studio headphones and most smartphones really don't drive them right in factory configuration.  Start with a standard parabolic curve and bring the lower third up another point or two each.  If using Jet Audio, try, from left to right (6, 5, 3, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 3).  Adjust each up or down while listening to one track and see what works for you.caused no end of frustration both to me and riding buddies who had to wait for me to get it right every time we'd get moving after a helmet-off stop during a single outing.<br /><br />You probably won't get your money's worth from these if you aren't skilled at using a graphic equalizer.  I run Jet Audio Plus on my Android phone and even with the included equalizer I find that while listening at home, I can adjust it for each track and improve my satisfaction.  This is not viable or necessary while riding, but if you don't tune your audio source at all, you're wasting money on these.  They sound as good as a $100 set of big fat over-the-ear studio headphones and most smartphones really don't drive them right in factory configuration.  Start with a standard parabolic curve and bring the lower third up another point or two each.  If using Jet Audio, try, from left to right (6, 5, 3, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 3).  Adjust each up or down while listening to one track and see what works for you.