Some of my friends and myself were looking for a mixer for our new home karaoke systems. A mixer for such a purpose doesn’t need to have many channels such as 8 or 16. Four channels are usually enough – two for the mics and one stereo for the music. The mixer also needs to have some sound effects on the vocal, and for that reverberating is usually sufficient. After quite some research, I locked it down to this Alesis MULTIMIX4USBFX 4-Channel Mixer with Effects Plus USB Audio Interface. It is simple enough to serves all my needs as a karaoke mixer and more. Below are some pros and cons:  Pros: (1) It has two mic inputs with individual pre- and post-effect gain adjustments, high- and low-EQ, and an FX dial for vocal effect. It has a 48-volt phantom power for condenser mics. One mic I use is an Audio-Technica AT2010, a condenser mic.  (2) It has one analog stereo input which I use to feed the music of the karaoke songs from a computer into the mixer.  (3) It has many effects choices. Some reviews here complained the effects are subtle. But for my purpose, I find setting at “Room 1” adds enough moisture to dry voices.  (4) It has a USB interface which allows you to both feed music from the computer to the mixer and record the output from the mixer in the computer. For playing, the “EXT/USB TO MAIN” button has to be pressed down. It doesn’t have any controls as the analog inputs. Changing the volume of the USB input has to be done on the computer. I also found it is a plus being able to use the USB interface to record the karaoke performance. It provides a way to self-evaluate your own performance.  Cons: (1) Although the mixer is not the cleanest, the noise floor out of it is low enough for my purpose. In a quiet room, with the overall system volume set at working levels, sitting in a distance, you may hear some faint hissing from the speakers. But in a noisy karaoke party environment, you have to get your ears really close to the speakers to hear any hiss. If using USB as an input by pressing down “the EXT/USB TO MAIN” button, the noise floor is increased audibly. Since I am not using USB as an input, I leave the “EXT/USB TO MAIN” button off.  (2) You need to set the main volume dial of the mixer so that the main output LED indicator does not go beyond 0 db. I found when it goes beyond 0 db there is some distortion, at least to my ears. Use the main volume on your amplifier/receiver to boost the overall volume if not loud enough.  (3) This is not an Alesis product-specific problem, but I thought it is worth mentioning. With respect to USB recording, there appears to be a Microsoft audio driver issue in Windows 8/8.1 that people on the internet have complained about – the recording volume is too low. In my case, I have to set the recording level in Windows recording device interface to 80 from the default 50. At 80, the recording volume is still not high enough but satisfactory. Setting at 100 produces audible distortion. Hopefully the driver issue is fixed in Windows 10.  So overall this is a simple but sufficient mixer if you want to use it for karaoke. There are definitely better mixers out there such as the Allen&Heath ZED-10FX, which is cleaner with lower noise floor and better sound effects, but it has 10 channels, which I think is an overkill for general-purpose karaoke. Moreover, it costs 3 times more and looks overwhelming and in my experience is unnecessarily complicated to operate. The gain is very limited if you only use it for karaoke.