Mackie is a very respected name in the sound business so any time they offer a product like this Freeplay, you have to take the offering seriously. While I've read reviews calling this unit a kind of glorified boom box, the reality is that it's far more than that--even if you're just going by the input and output options. I've never seen a boom box yet, for instance, that would allow you to plug in a guitar and mic separately and then mix the output, let alone offer other options like EQ, feedback killer and an additional line out. This is a long way from a jazzed-up boom box.<br /><br />While this unit can probably be adapted to any number of uses that involve a small audience (Mackie says 100 people but, of course, that depends completely on the venue and the room acoustics and how loud those 100 people are being). I've been a concert producer for more than 40 years and I've produced shows ranging from house concerts (50-60 people) to 10,000 seats. I think that the performers that will find the Freeplay most useful are solo (and possibly duet) performers doing small house concerts, relatively quiet bars and restaurants or street performers. Back in the day when there used to be tons of street performers in Grand Central Terminal in NYC, this would have been an incredible device to own (and you probably could have sold a few units a day to your audience). It weighs about 11 pounds, so not something you'd want to carry around (with a guitar in the other hand) for too long, but if you're setting up in a park or in Times Square, no big deal.<br /><br />No, this isn't the kind of PA you would want for a church hall that seats hundreds, but at 300 watts it's nearly perfect for small rooms. I tested it in my den (16 x 20-feet) and it was, in fact, overpowering--which is kind of surprising considering it's only three speakers (an 8&#34; woofer and two smaller powered drivers). Again, in a house concert, a classroom or medium-size lecture hall or if you were playing acoustic guitar in an Italian restaurant, you will feel very confident that you putting out pro-level sound. The Freeplay operates via a/c power or battery (D cells or a rechargeable Lithium); Mackie claims the Lithium will last 10 hours, I think, but personally I'd be using a/c in any public situation. On the street, of course, you're stuck with batteries and between the Lithium and some back-up D cells, I think you could do all day with no worries.<br /><br />There are some pretty useful built-in sound features, as well. There is a four-channel mixer on the back of the unit (you can adjust the level of any channel using a rotary dial--and I vastly prefer rotary controls over sliders), there are 16 digital effects (I haven't played with them much yet) for things like reverb, delay, etc. And there is a feedback elimination controller that I have not used since I didn't have a mic handy.<br /><br />Mackie makes a big deal out of the Bluetooth capability and their app, which I think for a performer are going to be the key selling points (other than the very good output quality). You can, for example, control the EQ, effects, etc. from your iPhone or Android (or tablet) so that you can adjust sound continuously from your position on stage--without having to get up and fiddle with a mixer. So, if you are in a restaurant and you want to switch from telling a long story (in PA mode) to perhaps soloing in guitar or flute, you can change voices and EQ on the fly and from your shirt pocket which is pretty cool. Also, by being clever with the Bluetooth, you could stream in (and mix) a backing vocal, a click track, second instrument or whatever. I have a singer/songwriter/guitarist friend (my testing guinea pig) that usually uses a laptop plugged into a separate board to bring in a backing track (usually keyboards) and we were able to bring in those tracks with the Freeplay pretty successfully. Though we didn't have a keyboard handy, I am pretty sure you can connect a keyboard via the direct-in line. (To be honest, I'm not sure how you would adjust the mix of two jack channels and the line-in, but I'm sure it can be done.)<br /><br />Also, there are some options available for this that make it pretty attractive, too--a kickstand/pole adapter (I'd love to have that) and a carry case (love to have that even more, lol), for example. One thing I haven't been able to try since I only have one unit, but I think is something Mackie should probably push more is that there is an output jack so that you can daisy-chain two of these units (or more conceivably) together and fill a bigger hall or a smaller one with more power. I work at an FM station and we do a lot of field events, so I'd really love to hear how two of these would work together--that might be a big problem-solving thing and would beat hiring a sound guy to come in with a larger PA. It would also solve the issue I've run into (at fairs, for example) when you want to broadcast to an audience that is surrounding you in more than one direction.<br /><br />Anyway, I think the sound quality is very impressive. I didn't have any problem blowing out bass, but on the other hand I live in a neighborhood and have been testing this in the wee hours, so I have to keep things under control. I will take it to a larger venue soon and try to push the limits more. If you are a performer (or lecturer) see if you can get live demo somewhere to make sure it fits your needs and bring your phone, etc., so you can download the app and experiment a bit. But if you want a pretty good demo online, go to Youtube (am I allowed to say that here?) and look up a guy named Wayan Sam. He has a few videos of himself using the Freeplay and he's a very talented singer/guitarist and you'll get a great feel for what this unit can do. Seriously, look him up and you'll find one video of him with the Freeplay in his living room, but another playing out in a bar (look for the song &#34;Behind Blue Eyes&#34;). You'll get a good feel for the capabilities of this PA.<br /><br />Criticisms? I don't know how durable the plastic casing is, that was my only real concern and it worries me a bit, but if it holds up, great. Metal would be very heavy probably. I wish it came with the kickstand/pole adapter, but I guess they would have to raise the price. I haven't really pushed the gain limits, but we'll see.<br /><br />All-in-all, this is a lot more than a boom box no matter what you might read. For a one-man-band, I think this is a pretty good solution for under $400.t sure how you would adjust the mix of two jack channels and the line-in, but I'm sure it can be done.)  Also, there are some options available for this that make it pretty attractive, too--a kickstand/pole adapter (I'd love to have that) and a carry case (love to have that even more, lol), for example. One thing I haven't been able to try since I only have one unit, but I think is something Mackie should probably push more is that there is an output jack so that you can daisy-chain two of these units (or more conceivably) together and fill a bigger hall or a smaller one with more power. I work at an FM station and we do a lot of field events, so I'd really love to hear how two of these would work together--that might be a big problem-solving thing and would beat hiring a sound guy to come in with a larger PA. It would also solve the issue I've run into (at fairs, for example) when you want to broadcast to an audience that is surrounding you in more than one direction.  Anyway, I think the sound quality is very impressive. I didn't have any problem blowing out bass, but on the other hand I live in a neighborhood and have been testing this in the wee hours, so I have to keep things under control. I will take it to a larger venue soon and try to push the limits more. If you are a performer (or lecturer) see if you can get live demo somewhere to make sure it fits your needs and bring your phone, etc., so you can download the app and experiment a bit. But if you want a pretty good demo online, go to Youtube (am I allowed to say that here?) and look up a guy named Wayan Sam. He has a few videos of himself using the Freeplay and he's a very talented singer/guitarist and you'll get a great feel for what this unit can do. Seriously, look him up and you'll find one video of him with the Freeplay in his living room, but another playing out in a bar (look for the song &#34;Behind Blue Eyes&#34;). You'll get a good feel for the capabilities of this PA.  Criticisms? I don't knowhow durable the plastic casing is, that was my only real concern and it worries me a bit, but if it holds up, great. Metal would be very heavy probably. I wish it came with the kickstand/pole adapter, but I guess they would have to raise the price. I haven't really pushed the gain limits, but we'll see.  All-in-all, this is a lot more than a boom box no matter what you might read. For a one-man-band, I think this is a pretty good solution for under $400.