I ordered this to change up my keyboard rig. I play 2+ times at church per month and use two M-Audio KeyStation keyboards - one 88 key and one 49 key. I have my laptop on a separate stand, so this is nice and slick. I really, really wanted to like this stand as I like the design and it was $50 cheaper than any other option out there for a column stand. Now I know why.  Opening the box, I was pleasantly surprised to see it had been packaged tight with multiple layers, but to my dismay, one of the cable management clips had already broken in transit. Not a huge deal (as I could look past it), but it made me leery of the material quality. This was confirmed when one of the handle clips broke, thus making the built-in handle totally useless. I had only carried it around with the handle about 5 times, maybe 5 minutes total. The final cherry on top was the fact that I need a wrench to unscrew the top boom mic mount once I get it on, very annoying. There are two pieces (like on a boom mic stand) which is good to adjust and tighten so it does not wiggle around, but once it is tight, no prying of hands will loosen it. So, now I have to keep a wrench in my gear bag, and eventually will wear all of the grip off of the mount. I needed this for a concert I am playing in tomorrow, so I will be returning after the concert to either get a new unit with no broken parts or just a refund and order something else. (hopefully it will not break anything else during the concert...) Most likely, for long term use, I will either get the Ultimate Support or On-Stage Stand. If I was setting this up once to play in my spare room, it would be perfect, but that is not my scenario, so I canont recommend it.  Pros: Fast shipping, great design, flat black appearance, lots of utility Cons: cheap materials, will not stand up for long term use  I added a photo of what I am using it for: two midi keyboards, boom mic stand and microphone, and midi controller on the floor.  UPDATE (8.24.15): The seller has offered to send a replacement mic mount, but has not mentioned either of my other issues.