This basically suits my needs, and allows me to work on my muscle memory in silence. However, it has quite a few flaws, and I don't think it deserves the near 5-star rating it has. Problems include:  -The hihat, being in the middle, makes it impossible to practice two-handed hihat beats and other techniques. -The pedals suck. They are replaceable with Rockband pedals (using a 1/4-3.5 adapter), but they honestly aren't much better. I'm not aware of any alternatives that feel like an actual bass pedal. -With real drums being bigger and further apart, you'll get confused when switching to real drums, and will have to get used to them.  I bought this knowing the above though. Flaws I was not aware of:  -Occasionally, a hit will not register. This happens fairly often, especially on the snare, and is by far my biggest complaint. It can throw you off pretty bad when you don't hear the snare. -When opening the hihat and hitting it, you must time it PERFECTLY. If you hit the hihat a millisecond before opening it, it will register as hitting a closed hihat. This wouldn't be a problem with a real hihat. -Bass pedal sometimes stops working. I'm not using the stock pedal however, and messing with the connection fixes it. -Built in metronome is annoying, and only counts in 4. Not much of a problem since I have my own metronome. -Instructions weren't too helpful in figuring out the settings, but did include a complete list of kits, songs, and voices. -I have no idea what the hand perc button is supposed to do, but I should point out that these work awful as hand drums.  As a pro you may not have been aware of, this thing's built-in sound bank is pretty big, as well as its song bank. And of course, you can make it sound like anything as a MIDI controller. I have yet to test that feature, as a USB cable was not included.  In short, it's an adequate practice tool, but is nowhere near reliable enough (or realistic sounding enough) to use live. I wouldn't recommend for any serious recording either.  Edit: After just 3 months, the crash pad gave out. Either mine is defective, or the pads do not last. Rather than buy this again, I'm going to invest in an actual kit.