I bought this mandolin pickup from another online store to go with a Breedlove mandolin that I bought. Here's why I gave it two stars.  1. I attached the pickup with the putty as directed in the instructions, but the mandolin sounded like it had a phaser on it. I didn't like the sound at all. 2. If you use it with stage monitors it has a tendency to feedback. 3. It had a tendency to pop off. When it did this it ripped the pickup right off the mandolin. 4. Because it's an external pickup, you're much more likely to scratch the mandolin while putting it on or taking it off. 5. You need to use an external preamp to get it to sound anywhere decent. 6. It's noisy in that you hear every tap and rub on the mandolin's body. 7. Mine had a short in the wire that connect the pickup to the jack, so it would cut in and out while playing. I used this excuse to get a full refund.  The price of the pickup and LR Baggs Para Acoustic D.I. together is right around $300. For this price you can buy an internal pickup and have it permanently installed by a professional tech. Not only do I think internal pickups sound better because they're not mounted with putty, but you don't have to worry about the pickup popping off during a performance.  Because I have a new mandolin I went with K&K Twin Internal mandolin pickup. It costed $120, plus $120 to have it professionally installed by a veteran luthier. That still cost less than the LR Baggs setup I had previously bought and wanted to like. Though I had to modify my mandolin, I'm much happier, and I don't think it's affected the value. I hear no difference in the sound quality after the K&K was installed. I had learned about the K&K after reading that's what John Paul Jones uses these days in his mandos.  The K&K is permanently installed, so I don't have to fight it. It won't pop off. It does not howl so easily on stage. I actually prefer the sound of it plugged straight into the PA as opposed to through the LR Baggs Para Acoustic D.I. It'snot nearly as noisy as this pickup. And best of all it sounds very clear and natural. I can actually hear the character of my mandolin with the K&K. With the LR Baggs it colored the sound too much. It sounded unnatural and like I had a phaser on it. I'm not sure why it did this as the recording I heard of the LR Baggs didn't sound that way.  I don't want to offend anyone who likes this pickup, but as someone who has tried it and was disappointed, I just would like to save some people some time and money in the long run. Maybe you'll like this pickup.  If you have a vintage mandolin I wouldn't go the internal route, as it will probably damage the value of the mandolin. Nor would I go the external route, as I think this style of pickup is more likely to scratch the finish. I would instead buy a new mandolin and have an internal pickup installed, and keep the vintage one for acoustic performances, or in front of a microphone.