Ok - wanted a small bodied, thinline acoustic/electric guitar for myself and my daughter, who is learning how to play.  She's 14 but small, and I wasn't going to buy her a Jr. guitar.  A full sized dread or even concert/folk sized acoustic was out of the question.  I love Ibanez instruments - I'm a bass player primarily, and my SR505 bass (Korean made) is a great instrument.  I also have an RG421 hard tail guitar (Indonesian made) that is really nice. So I find the AEG and it looks like a good match.  Alto has a good price on it, so I buy it.  The guitar arrived very well packed - in a box, inside another box - and came with a spare bridge saddle and some other case goodies.  First inspection - the guitar is beautiful!  Really a nice blue-burst finish.  Closer inspection - the inside edge of the sound hole is very poorly finished - not visible from straight on, but definitely finish flaws here that are really hard to miss.  I've seen on other websites where sellers are offering factory second/cosmetic blems for a little less than I bought this 'factory first' guitar from Alto for.  Now, I'm really wondering.... Is Alto selling the same factory seconds and conveniently forgetting to mention the fact? Even if they didn't - they clearly did not even open the box to look at this guitar before sending it to me.  That is inexcusable for a music 'store'. Even GC looks at their stuff (I think) before they send it!!! I have no issue with cosmetic blem instruments - I own a couple, and usually the flaws are very minor and you can save a lot of money.  But - you'd better TELL ME it's a second... Back to the guitar.  Truss rod was set very well - no adjustment needed.  The bridge saddle - WOW!  It was really high - the guitar was virtually unplayable as I received it.  I sanded the saddle down - no joke - about 3/16-1/4\\" and now the action is pretty decent.  Look - you aren't going to pick up this guitar and mistake it for a Taylor.  It's a cheap, chinese made instrument.  Thetuners are garbage. It's ok for the money, but don't expect it to sound great or be high quality.  The unplugged sound is thin and inconsistent from string to string.  I have not plugged it in yet - I hear that they sound pretty good amplified, so I need to do this very soon.  I know I shouldn't expect much for $200 and coming from china - but I was hoping for a better instrument.  It's ok, nothing to get excited about except it looks pretty as long as you don't look too closely.  The guitar appears to have a thick finish as well - which you would think would be a good thing, but in the case of an acoustic guitar, it's not - it helps to dampen the already suspect tone.  It came strung with D'Addario strings it says.  I'm a big fan of D'Addario it's all I'll string on my basses - I'm thinking they pulled these strings out of D'Addario's dumpster?  Not good. Very harsh and rigid strings.  Will be restringing with something better and tuning to Eb standard tuning in an attempt to salvage some tone.  I'm honestly disappointed in Ibanez.  Yes it's a price-point instrument, I get that - but I've had such good luck with Ibanez in the past.  So - in a Nutshell, will I buy from Alto Music again?  Not a snowballs chance in, well, you know....  Will I buy Ibanez again?  Probably.  Will I buy another chinese made musical instrument?  Never.