I bought two of these for various projects of mine. They would just fine and heat up very quickly, however within the first six hours of having them out of the box, the tank cap for one of them would not unscrew. I was very disappointed about having to return another product from amazon and pondered whether it was even worth the hassle of packaging up, driving across town to the UPS store, and then waiting for the refund, and then buying another, and then waiting for that to come with a chance that this problem would occur again at the end of it all anyways, so I decided I'd just crack it open and take a look at what was happening. I assumed that I had messed up the threading (another reason for avoiding sending it in, perhapas this was an error of my own), but after cracking it open I realized that the manufacturer was to blame. They used a very cheap adhesive to hold the fluid tank in place so that when you screw the cap on the bottle doesn't endlessly rotate. This adhesive had come undone. I used gorilla glue to fix this, however I fear that heating the adhesive up overtime will undo it or perhaps even cause a fire... we will have to see. I had planned on using this inside, but I will reserve it for outside projects only.<br /><br />It was very disappointing and was quite reflective of Chauvet's products in general. I've worked in technical theatre for many years and seen Chauvet products break in tiny ways, rendering the entire unit useless unless you are willing to do what I did, crack it open and troubleshoot it. Something out of the box should never break.<br /><br />In short, this was probably the last Chauvet product I'll purchase. There are many other companies in this field, Chauvet has pushed me to giving their competition a chance. Unfortunately they are not the easiest to stumble upon, but if you look around long enough, you'll see how many options are available.<br /><br />EDIT: Both fog machines eventually stopped functioning. The gorilla glue eventually broke, but the container not being held down was actually not what stopped it from working. Eventually less and less smoke was produced until one fog machine stopped functioning. After the first one died, the second one was quick to go.ally broke, but the container not being held down was actually not what stopped it from working. Eventually less and less smoke was produced until one fog machine stopped functioning. After the first one died, the second one was quick to go.