When it works, it works like a dream.<br /><br />Like a lot of people, I used this mic as an upgrade from my Blue Snowball for amateur podcasting. This came highly recommended from a friend and fellow podcaster, and I liked how his recording sounded. There were two things that I loved about this microphone: dedicated mute button (really saved my recordings when I was on podcasts while sick) along with omnidirectional mode. I really liked the omni when recording with my friends and I. Since the podcast was my pet project, I did not want to force them all to buy a microphone to be on, and it was the least expensive option to me at the time. I did not like how the omni mode sounded on the Blue Snowball. While recording in omni, of course you're going to have a lot of background noise, but that's now why I'm giving this a two star rating.<br /><br />After over a year of use (I was gifted one for Christmas), for some reason, my microphone started to develop a strange hiss sound whenever it was plugged in. I thought it was my Macbook. Tried adjusting some settings, but no, that wasn't it. Maybe it would not be there if I used my Windows PC? No, that wasn't it either. This thing was my work horse. I podcasted with it from home, and whenever I traveled. Took it with me to both Seattle and Chicago, just wished that they made a travel case for it. I figured that maybe it was abused too much while in luggage or somehow during my travels. I contacted Blue Microphones and sent them a sample of the recording. And that's when they pointed me to Amazon and their two-year warranty with Blue. While I couldn't exchange it outright, they gave me a gift card of the value of the mic at that time (minus restocking fee; it was over a year), and I used it to purchase another Yeti. But I was considering a Yeti Pro.<br /><br />Maybe I should have gone with the Pro. The second mic did not even last a week. The gain on the mic had to be turned all the way down just to get a non-distorted recording. Again, I tried it on both my Mac and WinPC, but no such luck. A second faulty mic?! I couldn't believe it! When I traveled, I kept it in the same box packaging it came with just to prevent any travel bruises (which I'm still unsure if the first Yeti even suffered from that). And to have it not work right off the bat was really frustrating. Suffice to say, I am going back to using my Snowball microphone until I can put together all the recording gear needed for an XLR group podcast setup. It's a shame, too. First mic worked real well for 18 months. I loved the design and aesthetic of the mic. It felt sturdy, yet a little too heavy for some of my alternate desktop mic stands. I will not be purchasing this mic again. But both Amazon and Blue customer service were very helpful in helping me submit the RMA.<br /><br />If you happen to get this mic, and it lasts for two years, consider yourself safe. As for me, I'm going to have to play with some new podcasting gear.ing. Again, I tried it on both my Mac and WinPC, but no such luck. A second faulty mic?! I couldn't believe it! When I traveled, I kept it in the same box packaging it came with just to prevent any travel bruises (which I'm still unsure if the first Yeti even suffered from that). And to have it not work right off the bat was really frustrating. Suffice to say, I am going back to using my Snowball microphone until I can put together all the recording gear needed for an XLR group podcast setup. It's a shame, too. First mic worked real well for 18 months. I loved the design and aesthetic of the mic. It felt sturdy, yet a little too heavy for some of my alternate desktop mic stands. I will not be purchasing this mic again. But both Amazon and Blue customer service were very helpful in helping me submit the RMA.<br /><br />If you happen to get this mic, and it lasts for two years, consider yourself safe. As for me, I'm going to have to play with some new podcasting gear.