I already have a set of headphones I am extremely happy with but wanted to buy a new model to use as well. Well, it's been 3 days of playing the Beyers and to this point I must say I'm quite disappointed in them.  They seem to be EXTREMELY bass heavy and totally unnatural and VERY colored towards the treble and bass with less than adequate midrange. I know most would say that 3 days isn't a fair amount of time for supposed \\"burn-in\\" of them but I'm not new to owning and listening to quality audio equipment and to be honest I've never believed in the concept of a speaker or a headphone needing to burn-in if it was properly designed to give accurate acoustic reproduction.  I rather believe that the concept of \\"burn-in\\" for a speaker or headphone is more a user's ear getting accustomed to the sound more than the sound actually getting better after prolonged use.  I know many of you will probably disagree with me but my 30 year old Sennheiser HD 424 phones blow the Beyers away to this point in my estimation.  Although I'm skeptical, I will give them a week or so to see if the over exaggerated bass subsides some but to this point the sound seems EXTREMELY muddy to me with admittedly good highs but a less than desirable midrange and very much over emphasized bass as when someone turns up a subwoofer on a 2.1 or 5.1 system much higher than it should be for music. Comfort, fit, and finish on them is good although I'm not a very big fan of coiled cords as I feel it adds weight when hanging down but sonically I find them unacceptable for enjoyable listening.  Either my search continues for a good sounding set of headphones in the $150 to $250 range or I may simply stick with my Sennheiser HD 424 model. I would like to add and make clear that I don't think the Beyerdynamics are a bad headphone, not at all.  They simply don't reproduce music sonically to my liking.  They may indeed be very good at reproducing the sound while using them to watch a movie, but they're not my preference for listening to music.rence for listening to music.